title,media
"In photos: Elizabeth Warren, former presidential candidate","US Sen. Elizabeth Warren dropped out of the presidential race on Thursday, March 5, a couple of days after Super Tuesday. Warren became a progressive star ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has the Plans,"She may not be at the top of the polls, but without question, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren is dominating the “ideas primary.” In the age of tweet and ..."
Elizabeth Warren says she won't get 'Hillary'd' in 2020,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has no intention of being ""Hillary'd"" in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary."
Elizabeth Warren was once a Republican. She shouldn’t hide it.,"When Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) discusses her biography, she talks movingly about how her family finances all but cratered when she was a teenager ..."
"Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren releases 2018 tax returns showing $900,000 income","Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., released her 2018 tax returns on Wednesday, revealing an income of nearly $1 million last year between her and her husband, ..."
Takeaways from Elizabeth Warren's CNN town hall,Elizabeth Warren showed in CNN's town hall Monday night how nimble and persuasive she can be as she wades deeper into policy specifics than other ...
"Here’s how much Elizabeth Warren works with Republicans, compared to other 2020 Democrats",WASHINGTON (AP) — Elizabeth Warren has a habit that she doesn't talk about a lot on the campaign trail: working with the GOP. The Massachusetts Democrat ...
‘Liz Was a Diehard Conservative’,"Elizabeth Warren doesn't like to talk about it, but for years she was a registered Republican. Why she left the GOP—and what it means for her campaign."
Why hasn’t Elizabeth Warren achieved liftoff?,Elizabeth Warren 2020 makes sense on paper. The Massachusetts senator is obviously a very smart person who thinks seriously about policy. She has ...
Elizabeth Warren Proposes Broad Plan to Protect Public Lands,"Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts unveiled a public lands proposal on Monday, thrusting land-use issues and the environment into the spotlight as ..."
Will Sen. Elizabeth Warren get 'Hillary'd' in 2020?,"During a CNN town hall, Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) details the lessons in sexism she learned during her successful 2012 ..."
Elizabeth Warren keeps offering detailed policy proposals. Why do so few Democrats seem to care?,"A steady stream of detailed, specific policy proposals; thoughtful responses to difficult questions; coherent explanations of positions on matters of national import: ..."
'I got a plan': Elizabeth Warren takes on racial inequality with her policy proposals,"Houston (CNN) At a national gathering of women of color this week, Sen. Elizabeth Warren was confronted by this question the moment she took the stage: ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Campaign Staffing And Spending,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren has built up a big staff for her presidential campaign, and she is already spending a lot of money on her bid for the White House."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren promises to roll back Trump energy policies on 1st day in office,"CHARLESTON, S.C. -- Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren thrust herself into the climate change debate this week, promising that if elected president, she'd ..."
"'We need big, systemic change': Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren rallies supporters in Salt Lake City","This is a “perilous time for our country,"" Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren told a crowd of more than a thousand as she began her speech in a ..."
Elizabeth Warren Calls for Impeachment Process Against Trump,"Senator Elizabeth Warren on Friday called for the Democratic-led House of Representatives to begin impeachment proceedings against President Trump, ..."
Can Elizabeth Warren Get Her Groove Back?,"It's hard to escape the feeling that Elizabeth Warren is underperforming. On Monday, the Massachusetts senator rolled out the sort of education plan that ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren unveils a bill to make it easier to jail executives for company abuses,"Warren's bill, called the Corporate Executive Accountability Act, is in part a response to consumer abuses at companies such as Wells Fargo and Equifax."
"Elizabeth Warren Had Charisma, and Then She Ran for President","Female candidates face a “double bind,” researchers say. When women are perceived as competent, they're less likely to be seen as inspiring."
Why not Warren?,"The most progressive wing of the Democratic Party is represented by two candidates: One is younger than President Trump, cheerful, doesn't have the “socialist” ..."
Elizabeth Warren's ideas blow rival 2020 Democrats away. Her public lands plan is no exception.,"Elizabeth Warren's ideas blow other 2020 Democrats away. Her public lands plan is no exception, which its bold plan to address climate change."
Why Hasn’t Elizabeth Warren Caught Fire in the Primaries?,"Intelligencer staffers Benjamin Hart, Irin Carmon, Sarah Jones, and Ed Kilgore discuss why Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren's bold ideas haven't ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren to hold an event in Salt Lake City next week as part of her 2020 presidential campaign,"Reliably red Utah will receive its third visit from a Democratic 2020 presidential candidate next week: Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren. Warren, known for ..."
Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden have a history. It’s complicated.,Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden could find themselves sharing a Democratic presidential primary debate stage this summer. It wouldn't be the first time ...
Elizabeth Warren bets that slew of policy ideas will win over Trump-weary voters,"The government would pay to build more than 3 million homes and apartments, nearly eliminating a housing shortage for the poor. Uncle Sam would ..."
Elizabeth Warren Against the Filibuster,Eric Lach on the senator and Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren announcing her support of ending the filibuster.
Elizabeth Warren’s Big-Donor Ploy Appears to Have Backfired,"Weeks after she made her presidential bid official, Elizabeth Warren made a radical announcement: she would not court or accept contributions from any ..."
Elizabeth Warren vs. Joe Biden has been a grudge match since 2005,The fight that defines Warren vs. Biden: A battle over a landmark bankruptcy bill brought her directly into conflict with a key Democratic rival for the White House.
Elizabeth Warren rolls out plan to reward hospitals that make childbirth safer for African-American women,Sen. Elizabeth Warren wants to drive down the maternal mortality rate among African-American women -- and she has a plan to get it done.
Are Dems ready for Elizabeth Warren’s angry populist message?,"No, this wasn't an introduction for Donald Trump, though it oddly imitated the populist fervor that fueled his political rise. “I've had enough of a celebration of ..."
Elizabeth Warren tells Charleston voters: 'My fight is your fight',"In her first visit to Charleston as a presidential candidate, Elizabeth Warren talked climate change and picked up an endorsement."
Elizabeth Warren lagging behind in Massachusetts poll,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren ranks just third among presidential hopefuls in a new poll of Massachusetts Democratic primary voters. An Emerson College poll ...
"Elizabeth Warren, the Long-Distance Runner of the 2020 Race","Amid all the chatter about whether the old white dudes of 2020—Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, and Wafflin' Joe Biden—are too long in the tooth to be running ..."
"Elizabeth Warren's Education Plan Isn't Perfect, But It's Still Pretty Great","Elizabeth Warren has a plan for higher education. It's not prefect, but it's the best plan out there so far."
Elizabeth Warren Tells Amazon to Get Bent,"A week after unveiling legislation that would make it easier to send C.E.O.s to prison, Elizabeth Warren rolled out a proposal on Thursday likely to send an ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s best move is to drop out of race,"Rather than campaigning in Mississippi, Warren would be better advised to pay attention to Massachusetts. She was not elected to run for president, but to serve ..."
Elizabeth Warren: Impeachment not about politics,"During a CNN town hall at St. Anselm College, 2020 Democratic party presidential hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren lays out why calling for President Donald ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants to Make It Easier to Prosecute Executives,The key question is whether the legislation she has proposed is the best means to police corporate leaders.
'I have a plan': Sen. Elizabeth Warren discusses proposed wealth tax and more in Cedar Rapids,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren speaks during a campaign event hosted by the Linn Phoenix Club at CSPS in Cedar Rapids. Thursday, April 26, 2019."
"15 years ago, Elizabeth Warren gave a simple, brilliant budget trick - Business Insider",The Harvard professor turned politician is also the inventor of some of the best budgeting advice out there.
Warren puts Bernie on defense - POLITICO,The Massachusetts senator is aggressively pitching policies in Sanders' wheelhouse.
Elizabeth Warren takes the first swing at Joe Biden in 2020 race - Business Insider,"""Joe Biden was on the side of the credit card companies,"" Warren said of a fight she had with Biden in the mid-2000s over bankruptcy legislation."
Elizabeth Warren is the star who may eclipse Bernie Sanders,"During Monday night's CNN town halls, Elizabeth Warren outshone the seasoned progressive to whom she's often compared. While Bernie Sanders made his ..."
Elizabeth Warren's student debt plan reopens fight on how to deal with the college crisis,Elizabeth Warren's new plan to cancel most student debt and make tuition free at public colleges is reopening a fight about the fairest way to make college more ...
Sen. Warren: Here's how I'll pay for student debt relief,2020 Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren explains how she plans to pay for her student debt forgiveness platform during a CNN town hall ...
Power Up: This is Elizabeth Warren's Catch-22 - The Washington Post,"We made it -- again! Happy Friday! Tips, comments, a recipe for the world's best chocolate cake? Email me, sign up, and forward this to your friends. Have a ..."
Seven things to know about Elizabeth Warren's time at the University of Houston,Elizabeth Warren said the University of Houston cost her $50 per semester in the late 1960s. The U.S. presidential candidate was both a student and a professor ...
Elizabeth Warren Has The Biggest 2020 Presidential Campaign — And It's Only Growing,"Elizabeth Warren's campaign has grown to double the size of her Democratic rivals who are bringing in millions more in donations, raising questions about ..."
Elizabeth Warren shines at Nevada candidates forum,"LAS VEGAS — On Saturday, the *Service* Employees International Union and the Center for American Progress Action Fund held a National Forum on Wages ..."
"Analysis | The Trailer: Elizabeth Warren has a theory on how to win, and lots of plans","In this edition: The Warren “plan” campaign, Julián Castro on the trail, and the Trump campaign's rose-goggled electoral map. Live from New York, it's Ron ..."
Elizabeth Warren Puts Together the Biggest 2020 Campaign Team Yet,"According to Reuters, Senator Elizabeth Warren has hired the largest campaign staff so far in the crowded 2020 Democratic presidential field."
Elizabeth Warren builds largest U.S. presidential campaign staff,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren has hired the largest campaign staff in the run-up to the 2020 presidential election, quickly building a ..."
"Google, Facebook, Amazon and Apple employees donating to Elizabeth Warren, even though she wants to break up big tech",Sen. Elizabeth Warren is getting some surprising financial support from the employees of the big tech companies she wants to slice and dice.
Why isn’t Elizabeth Warren doing better in New Hampshire? Voters have a number of reasons.,"There's a recent history of presidential candidates from Massachusetts winning the New Hampshire primary: John F. Kennedy in 1960, Michael Dukakis in 1988, ..."
Elizabeth Warren returns to SC next Monday,"2020 Democratic candidate for president Elizabeth Warren will be campaigning in South Carolina on Monday, April 15. Warren will appear in Beaufort and ..."
Analysis of Elizabeth Warren's 'Real Corporate Profits Tax',Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) released a proposal for a surtax on corporate profits called the “Real Corporate Profits Tax.” The Real Corporate Profits Tax ...
Sen. Warren unveils student loan and free college plan,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) proposed a plan that would eliminate the student loan debts of tens of millions of Americans and make all public colleges ...
Why is Elizabeth Warren struggling? Democrats aren't looking for policy.,"The problem for Warren and Sanders is that voters don't seem to be voting on policy. Voters instead are prizing other qualities, such as leadership."
Elizabeth Warren unveils plan to reconnect Americans with public lands,"Just in time for Earth Day, Democratic presidential contender Elizabeth Warren has unveiled an ambitious plan that aims to reconnect the American people with ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s ‘Game of Thrones’ stumble,The only thing Elizabeth Warren loves more than fighting corporate corruption and elevating the middle class is … waging an actual scorched-earth campaign to ...
The Media Can’t Figure Out How to Cover Elizabeth Warren,Unlike every other candidate in the race—or in recent US history—Warren is providing a road map for where she wants to take the country.
The World Needs Fewer Cersei Lannisters,Senator Elizabeth Warren on why she loves HBO's Game of Thrones and is looking forward to its final episodes.
This is why Warren wants to break up big tech companies,"At a CNN town hall moderated by CNN's Anderson Cooper, Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren discusses her proposal to break up technology ..."
Warren's Economic Evolution Gives Her Candidacy an Edge,"Once a Reagan Republican, the 2020 presidential contender talks about how capitalism's unjust underbelly made her change course."
Elizabeth Warren: Corporate executives must face jail time for overseeing massive scams,Big executives should be held criminally liable for misconduct on their watch.
Here’s what Elizabeth Warren had to say about the inappropriate touching allegations against Joe Biden,Sen. Elizabeth Warren says Joe Biden needs to explain himself after a fellow Democrat shared a story of an uncomfortable encounter with the then-vice ...
"In California, Warren Faces Pushback Over Her Call To Break Up Big Tech",Elizabeth Warren's call to break up giant tech companies like Google and Facebook is just one in a barrage of major policies she's proposed that are broadly ...
Warren approaches breakout with black voters,The Massachusetts Democrat's policies and focus on racial inequality have sparked intense interest from black activists.
"Senator Warren offers military housing bill to boost inspections, transparency","Senator Elizabeth Warren and other Democratic lawmakers on Friday proposed a bill that offers new protections for U.S. military families facing unsafe housing, ..."
Elizabeth Warren Makes Big Move on Climate Policy,"Establishing green standards in military procurement and other government agencies, such as the Postal *Service*, could be a major driver of decarbonization."
Bernie Sanders: Warren and I agree on a lot of issues,"During a CNN town hall, Sen. Bernie Sanders, one of the Democrats running for president, shares his position on Sen. Elizabeth Warren's (D-MA) plan for ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s historically sound case against the filibuster,The Senate rule has long been used as a weapon against civil rights and other progressive legislation.
Senator Warren joins striking Stop & Shop workers,SOMERVILLE — US Senator Elizabeth Warren brought a box of doughnuts with her as she joined dozens of workers outside a Stop & Shop here as the strike ...
The Latest: Warren faults Democrats' attention toward unions,LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on the Democratic campaign for president (all times local): 6 p.m. Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren says ...
Where Is the Line Between Inspiring Girls and Misleading Them?,"Elizabeth Warren should be honest about the sexism she's up against, and ask for help."
Warren's the professor and Buttigieg is the charismatic student without his homework. Guess who voters like best?,"Washington (CNN) There were five Democratic candidates, back-to-back on the same stage at CNN's epic youth-centered town hall in New Hampshire, and all ..."
Video: U.S. Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren jumps into Rep. Rochelle Galindo recall fray,"U.S. Democratic Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren has jumped into the Rep. Rochelle Galindo recall fray, recording a video asking for donations to help ..."
"Elizabeth Warren loves ‘Game of Thrones’ because, ‘It’s about the women’","We know where presidential hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) is on any given Sunday — watching the HBO fantasy juggernaut “Game of Thrones,” ..."
Elizabeth Warren blasts Chase for tweet about customers not having money,Sen. Elizabeth Warren hit back at JP Morgan Chase Bank on Monday after the financial giant tried to give its customers some “#MondayMotivation” for saving ...
'Game of Thrones' and Elizabeth Warren are both telling a story about modern American power,Pop culture is a meeting place in a divided world; its allegorical nature can give us a common language for understanding and communicating about ...
Document: Elizabeth Warren's 2018 tax return,"Warren and her husband, Bruce Mann, reported a combined adjusted gross income of $846394, and had $230965 in total taxes, according to the return."
"Elizabeth Warren to host women’s economic issues conversation to begin campaign visit April 12, 13",Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren will hold a “community conversation” on women's economic issues to launch a two-day campaign swing in ...
Elizabeth Warren talks poor polling in N.H. campaign stops,"PORTSMOUTH, N.H. — Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren tackled questions about her electability during her latest sweep through the Granite State ..."
Polls Show Elizabeth Warren Trailing in Massachusetts,"It's hard to sell your presidential candidacy nationwide when the majority of primary voters who know you best are with your Democratic opponents, so look for..."
"Photos: Elizabeth Warren in Keene, making her case","Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., visited Keene State College during a campaign visit on Saturday."
Americans don't support Sen. Elizabeth Warren's plan to break up big tech: Poll,"Americans have offered their initial judgment of Elizabeth Warren's plan to break up large technology companies: They don't support it. By 50% to 47%, the NBC ..."
Warren makes headway in three new polls | TheHill,"Three new polls show Sen. Elizabeth Warren's (D-Mass.) support in the Democratic primary growing, offering some new hope for her presidential campaign."
2020 presidential hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren stops in Utah,Salt Lake City's Democrats showed up to the Depot event center Wednesday April 17 at an organizing event for presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
Elizabeth Warren Raises the Pressure on the Military to Take Climate Change Seriously,"The Pentagon's response cannot just be “piecemeal action,” the 2020 candidate wrote in a letter to Trump's top military adviser."
Elizabeth Warren bringing presidential campaign back to Cedar Rapids,CEDAR RAPIDS - Massachusetts senator and 2020 Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren is scheduled to return to Iowa for a two-day trip next week ...
Would Elizabeth Warren's wealth tax actually work as intended?,"Economists consider whether such a tax would be enforceable, and effective."
Elizabeth Warren Calls for Investigation of Protest Surveillance,Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is calling on the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector General to open an internal investigation ...
Elizabeth Warren’s Constitutional Read of the Mueller Report Led Her to Call for Impeachment,Elizabeth Warren has distinguished herself from the other contenders in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination with a full and knowing embrace of ...
There’s a Problem With Elizabeth Warren’s Maternal Mortality Plan,Warren's plan to take money away from low-performing hospitals could harm the patients she wants to help.
Warren presses FINRA for answers on expungement reform,The presidential hopeful ups the pressure on FINRA and lays down another plank in a platform seen as hostile to Wall Street.
She the People: Warren and Harris are favorites during forum for women of color,Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris received standing ovations from the audience at a forum on Wednesday dedicated to women of color — clearly ...
Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) in Charleston to campaign for 2020 presidential nomination,Sen. Elizabeth Warren will attending multiple events in the Lowcountry during a 2020 campaign trip that will stop in three states. The Massachusetts Democrat ...
Gearing up for 2020 in US: Warren's knowledge of Turkey,"Though she has worked on shaping a foreign policy, Warren's views are vague and closely tied to her domestic policy views - Anadolu Agency."
"Warren’s plan to jail more CEOs would upend legal standards, critics say","In recent months, Sen. Elizabeth Warren has rattled Silicon Valley with a proposal to break up big tech giants like Amazon and floated imposing an annual tax of ..."

Sen. Elizabeth Warren Will Find You A Soulmate,"A comedian wondered on Twitter: Does Elizabeth Warren have a plan to fix my love life? To the amazement and delight of many, the presidential contender ..."
'I Have a Plan for That.' Elizabeth Warren Is Betting That Americans Are Ready for Her Big Ideas,Elizabeth Warren is running on a populist campaign built on ambitious ideas in the 2020 presidential election. Can she win?
"Elizabeth Warren Gains Ground in 2020 Field, One Plan at a Time","Declining to hold big-dollar fund-raisers and rolling out one policy proposal after another, Ms. Warren has strengthened her candidacy, though questions about ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren on 'The View': If Trump weren't president 'he'd be in handcuffs',"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, one of the first Democrats in the 2020 field to call for impeachment, responded to special counsel Robert Mueller's briefing Wednesday."
Elizabeth Warren Takes a Different Strategy to Court the Black Vote,"“Race matters,” Senator Elizabeth Warren told me in an interview last Wednesday, “and we need to face it.” Two days earlier, Warren became the latest ..."
"Nevertheless, Elizabeth Warren Is Persisting in the Polls","With a plan for (seemingly) everything, Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren is finally rising in the polls."
"While teaching, Warren worked on about 60 legal matters, far more than she’d previously disclosed","Sen. Elizabeth Warren worked on about 60 legal matters during her prior career as a law professor, advising people with asbestos disease, a corporation facing ..."
Elizabeth Warren breaks through crowded 2020 field -- with a plan,"For five months now, Elizabeth Warren has bounced around the country pitching ambitious ideas -- typically anchored by well-timed policy rollouts -- to achieve ..."
Elizabeth Warren set to campaign next week in Michigan,Lansing — Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren will visit Detroit and Lansing next week as she makes her first campaign swing through Michigan.
"Elizabeth Warren is on a roll, but still facing big obstacles in 2020 presidential bid",Elizabeth Warren has a clear campaign plan and is sticking to it. She still confronts two big obstacles: Bernie Sanders and voter fears about her electability.
'That’s My Whole Life’s Work.' Watch How Elizabeth Warren Has Become the Policy Engine of the Democratic Party,"Elizabeth Warren, the senior senator from Massachusetts, has made a name for herself in a crowded field of more than 20 presidential candidates by styling…"
Elizabeth Warren Refuses To Feed The Fox Beast. If Only We All Did,"Elizabeth Warren's decision to skip Fox News' town hall was principled and shrewd, writes Steve Almond."
"Elizabeth Warren’s Campaign, ‘Based on Ideas,’ Bets on Iowa","Ms. Warren has hired about 50 people in Iowa, giving her a head start at organizing for next year's caucuses. But it's a strategy loaded with risk."
Elizabeth Warren: Americans don't need cliché financial advice. They just need to be paid more,Elizabeth Warren is the senior senator from Massachusetts and a Democratic presidential candidate. The opinions expressed in this commentary are her own.
'A hate-for-profit racket': Warren refuses Fox town hall invite,Elizabeth Warren turned down a Fox News invitation Tuesday for a televised town hall and denounced the cable network as a “hate-for-profit racket that gives a ...
Elizabeth Warren Campaign: Warren bets big on policy to break through crowded Democratic field,"Among the collection of T-shirts sold on Elizabeth Warren's campaign website, there is one that encapsulates her approach to the campaign so far: ""Warren has ..."
Presidential Candidate Elizabeth Warren To Campaign In Lansing,2020 Democratic Presidential hopeful Senator Elizabeth Warren plans to make two campiagn stops in the Great Lakes State this week to connect with voters in.
Elizabeth Warren Has A Plan — To Get Personal With Voters,The Democratic presidential candidate has built her brand on prolific policy proposals. But she is also using folksy charm to try to win support at campaign stops ...
"'That's what girls do': Elizabeth Warren tells young Iowa girls why she's running for president, with a pinky promise","""It matters a lot to me that little girls see themselves as future presidents of the United States,"" Sen Elizabeth Warren said in Iowa this week."
Elizabeth Warren reshaped our view of the middle class. But some see an angle.,"Elizabeth Warren was little-known outside the small world of bankruptcy law in the late 1980s when she was thrust into the spotlight, sought out for interviews ..."
How 'I got a plan' became a thing: Warren nerds out and the crowds go crazy,The Twitter exchange played out over several hours on April 11: “Many profitable companies pay nothing in corporate income tax. Elizabeth Warren has a plan ...
Elizabeth Warren's running as the policy wonk candidate and it's working - Business Insider,"From April to May, Warren has jumped eight points in Quinnipiac University's poll from the previous month."
Is Elizabeth Warren a Serious Contender After All?,Intelligencer staffers discuss what Elizabeth Warren's recent surge in the polls means for her candidacy as the first debates of the 2020 Democratic primary loom.
Elizabeth Warren decries big money in politics. Her campaign treasurer embodies it.,"FAIRFAX, Va. — With a sizable American flag as her backdrop and supporters toting signs reading “The Best President Money Can't Buy,” Elizabeth Warren ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s war on Fox News puts her party in a tough spot,"For the better part of the past few months, HBO host Bill Maher has been pleading with Democrats to go on Fox News. It's not that he agrees with Fox's ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren on black maternity care: 'It's time to demand better outcomes',"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a 2020 presidential candidate, unveiled a plan on black maternity care in a new op-ed for Essence magazine ."
Elizabeth Warren Can and Should Do Better on Foreign Policy,Elizabeth Warren is pushing things in a progressive direction on the domestic front. But she's far too wedded to US imperialism abroad. Gage Skidmore / Flickr.
Elizabeth Warren just announced her abortion platform. It’s aggressive.,It has little chance in Congress. But Warren is one of the few Democratic candidates with a clear reproductive rights plan.
Elizabeth Warren’s Agenda May Prevail But Her Candidacy May Flame Out,How thoroughly is Elizabeth Warren dominating the ideas debate among the 2020 presidential candidates? Since she released her signature “wealth tax” ...
Meghan McCain challenged Elizabeth Warren over her Fox News town hall decision. Here’s how she responded.,Sen. Elizabeth Warren isn't backing down from her pledge to not participate in Fox New town halls — even when challenged by former Fox News employees.
Warren 2020: Elizabeth Warren says she'll appoint a teacher to run the Education Department,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren vowed Monday that if she is elected president, ""the Secretary of Education will be a former public school teacher who is committed to ..."
Warren Has Earned Her Wonk Reputation,"It was an off-the-cuff remark that turned into a catchphrase and a campaign T-shirt. Now, it's a Time magazine cover: “I have a plan for that.” Elizabeth Warren's ..."
Elizabeth Warren is now among Democratic front runners,"Elizabeth Warren has made inroads among Democrats, especially liberals. Just about as many Democratic primary voters in the latest Economist/YouGov Poll ..."
Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren visits West Virginia,"Elizabeth Warren, *fresh* off announcing a plan to battle the nation's opioid crisis, on Friday visited Mingo County, a town that has battled a wave of pills and drugs ..."
A decades-old feud looms over Biden and Warren in 2020,Joe Biden stormed into the Democratic primary with a laser focus on the man he wants to sweep out of the White House next year.
"Elizabeth Warren Continues to Clobber Her Opponents in the War for Big Ticket, Eat-the-Rich Policies","It's become something of a rallying cry for Elizabeth Warren: “I got a plan!” she told crowds in Salt Lake City, Utah, and Houston, Texas, last month, to uproarious ..."
2020 candidate Elizabeth Warren compared to Rachel Dolezal in 'The Breakfast Club' interview,"In an interview on “The Breakfast Club” Friday morning, Sen. Elizabeth Warren was asked a host of questions about her Native American ancestry claims and ..."
Elizabeth Warren releases child-care cost calculator to promote universal child-care plan,Senator Elizabeth Warren is releasing a new cost calculator to promote her universal child-care plan. The new tool on her website is an attempt to cast her ...
Elizabeth Warren holds very first Bay Area campaign event in Oakland,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren held her very first campaign event in the Bay Area Friday night with a town hall event in Oakland.
Elizabeth Warren puts a giant tech breakup billboard in San Francisco’s face,"On Wednesday, 2020 presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) put up a billboard in the heart of Silicon Valley pressing for big tech companies like ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has a Theory About Corporate Power,"Elizabeth Warren has been talking a lot about small business, a constituency that hasn't figured in Democratic Party politics in a long time. The senator from ..."
A toaster once nearly set Elizabeth Warren’s kitchen on fire. Here’s why the story sticks with her.,"For Sen. Elizabeth Warren, toasters are more than just a convenient kitchen appliance or stereotypical wedding gift. They're a reminder of her belief in how ..."
Elizabeth Warren interrupted by protesters in Iowa who said she's 'selling out to big dairy',"MASON CITY, Iowa — Sen. Elizabeth Warren's meet-and-greet here was interrupted by protesters who say she is a supporter of ""big dairy"" for her backing of the ..."
2020 polls: Warren looks good among Democratic presidential candidates,The headlines for the 2020 Democratic primary election polls are still the same — Joe Biden is well ahead of everybody else — but the most interesting trend is ...
2020 presidential primary: Elizabeth Warren targets Pentagon corruption,"Warren has a proposal to end the ""revolving door"" between defense contractors and the Pentagon."
Elizabeth Warren’s Long-Game Gambit,The Massachusetts senator is betting her steady competence over a long campaign will prove her electability to voters.
Elizabeth Warren introduces a calculator for her student debt forgiveness plan,Washington (CNN) Sen. Elizabeth Warren is promoting an online calculator that shows voters just how much -- exactly -- they'd benefit from her proposal to ...
"No, I don’t want a beer with Elizabeth Warren. But can she come over for Settlers of Catan?",It's not entirely clear when “having a beer with” became America's go-to barometer for which presidential candidates are “likable.” It definitely was a thing in the ...
Elizabeth Warren Deserves Your Undivided Attention,Drew Magary on the Massachusetts senator who's lapping the democratic field ideas-wise.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren to make Lansing campaign stop,A presidential hopeful plans a campaign stop in Lansing next week.
Warren 2020: Elizabeth Warren introduces plan to reduce military's carbon footprint,Warren-backed bill calls for the military to reach zero carbon emissions for all non-combat bases and infrastructure by 2030.
Elizabeth Warren’s divisive desperation,Sen. Warren is now calling for impeachment as her polling continues to lag.
UPDATE | Elizabeth Warren discusses opioid plan during visit to Mingo County,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren was in Mingo County Friday morning as part of a multi-stop swing through West Virginia and Ohio Friday.
"14 Years Ago, Warren And Biden Battled Over Bankruptcy. Their Fight Still Defines A Party Rift","In 2005, then-Sen. Biden, along with most Republicans, favored an effort to make it more difficult to file for bankruptcy. Professor Warren opposed the bill."
Elizabeth Warren Has Another Novel Idea,"The next secretary of Education should be a former public school teacher, Senator Elizabeth Warren said in a Monday email to supporters. Warren's campaign ..."
Warren calls out Fox News as 'hate-for-profit scam',"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, appearing on The View, explained her decision not to appear on Fox News for a town hall."
"To make her wealth tax work, Elizabeth Warren must revive the IRS","If you've followed Sen. Elizabeth Warren's (D-Mass.) presidential campaign, you know she has a series of ambitious plans, many of which involve substantial ..."
Elizabeth Warren and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez team up for 'Game of Thrones' analysis,Washington (CNN) Count Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Sen. Elizabeth Warren among the viewers disappointed by Game of Thrones' series conclusion.
Warren's clash with Treasury official gets heated,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) clashed with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's administrator Joseph Otting when he would not commit to publicly ...
Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Elizabeth Warren visits the Tri-States,"Democratic presidential candidate Senator Elizabeth Warren is in the Tri-States today. She will be hosting a town hall on Monday, May 27 in Burlington in her ..."
"Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders to headline public events in Bay Area",Presidential candidates Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren will hold public events in the Bay Area next week when they travel to San Francisco for the ...
"Yep, Elizabeth Warren Has a Plan to Clean Up the Pentagon","For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis and more, subscribe to Mother Jones' newsletters. One month after Sen. Elizabeth Warren formally ..."
Elizabeth Warren and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez target Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin over Sears bankruptcy,"In a four-page letter sent Thursday morning, Warren and Ocasio-Cortez asked Mnuchin a series of questions about his advisory role in former Sears CEO Eddie ..."
Meet the Brooklyn science teacher who got Elizabeth Warren to narrow her education secretary options,Liat Olenick was on her way home from teaching elementary school science on Monday when she saw that a friend had forwarded the latest email from ...
How much would Elizabeth Warren’s student debt plan save you? She’s got a calculator for that.,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren has a plan to take on college affordability, and she's trying to put it in real terms for voters. Last month, the Massachusetts Democrat ..."
"Bailey, Elizabeth Warren’s golden retriever, may be a media darling, but he’s not always a good boy","Senator Elizabeth Warren's dog, Bailey, has become a fixture in the Massachusetts Democrat's bid for the White House. Bailey poses for selfies, attends press ..."
"President Donald Trump, on Boston radio show, calls for Sen. Elizabeth Warren to resign","By Matt Murphy, State House News *Service*. BOSTON — After U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren called for the resignation of Attorney General William Barr on ..."
How much Elizabeth Warren's policies can save you on childcare,"Childcare in America is very expensive. Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren—you guessed it—has a plan for that. Depending on where they live, the average ..."
Elizabeth Warren has rethought her Game of Thrones take,"(Warning: spoilers ahead.) Sen. Elizabeth Warren is walking back her endorsement of Daenerys Targaryen. Last month, the Massachusetts senator and ..."
Biden-Warren feud re-emerges on campaign trail,"The rivalry between Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden traces back some two decades, when the then-future vice president was entrenched in the US Senate and ..."
Poll: Elizabeth Warren’s handling of her DNA results and questions on Native American ancestry hurts her favo…,About one-fifth of Democratic voters say they view her less favorably after she released the results.
2020 watch: Elizabeth Warren holds town hall at George Mason University,"FAIRFAX, Va. (WRIC) — Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren became the second presidential candidate to hold a rally in Virginia Thursday, holding a town ..."
Radio host compares Elizabeth Warren to Rachel Dolezal,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) appeared on ""The Breakfast Club"" radio show where host Charlamagne Tha God likened the Democratic presidential candidate ..."
"Brad Lander Endorses Elizabeth Warren For President | Park Slope, NY Patch","Lander Endorses Elizabeth Warren In 2020 Race - Park Slope, NY - Councilman Brad Lander endorsed the Massachusetts senator in her presidential run with a ..."
"Senator Elizabeth Warren Promised Retired School Teachers Pension Help, Hasn't Delivered","In October 2016, the Rhode Island Retired Teachers Association (RIRTA) wrote to Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren on behalf of its over 600 members ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Unifying Race Narrative,"Elizabeth Warren has been getting a lot of attention for her smart, creative policy proposals. She deserves praise for something else. Warren talks about race ..."
Elizabeth Warren flew out of DC's most notorious airport gate. Here's what happened.,"If you're a frequent traveler based out of Washington, DC, there's a good chance you are familiar with Gate 35X."
A bank regulator said he was tough on Wells Fargo. Elizabeth Warren was not impressed,"For more than two years, Sen. Elizabeth Warren has repeatedly lashed out at Wells Fargo as the bank struggled to regain its footing after admitting to various ..."
Is it sexist not to love Elizabeth Warren?,"If you're not totally in love with Elizabeth Warren and her big plans for running the country, is that automatically sexist?"
An Elizabeth Warren adviser explains progressive foreign policy,"Elizabeth Warren adviser Ganesh Sitaraman explains his view on the debate over ""progressive"" foreign policy."
Is Elizabeth Warren's college plan really progressive? Yes,Some have argued that Warren's plan isn't progressive because middle-class and upper-middle-class people benefit from it. But that is misguided.
Elizabeth Warren calls Navient ‘scammers’ after student loan giant celebrates making the Fortune 500,"Student loan giant Navient NAVI, +11.25% celebrated a corporate milestone on social media this week and it didn't take long for the internet to clap back."
Sen. Warren intervenes in North Liberty mobile home dispute over rent spike,Sen. Elizabeth Warren weighed in on a local dispute between residents of a North Liberty mobile home park and a new out-of-state landlord imposing rent hikes ...
Political cartoons: Sen. Elizabeth Warren,"Lackluster polling belies Warren's concrete campaign promises and willingness to hold bankers, creditors and loaners accountable."
How Julián Castro’s student debt forgiveness proposal stacks up against Elizabeth Warren’s,"Democratic presidential candidates Elizabeth Warren and Julián Castro have introduced comprehensive plans to tackle the $1.5 trillion student debt load, ..."
How Winning The White House Could Cost Democrats The Senate (At Least Temporarily),"Democrats have a challenging path to capturing the Senate in 2020. Republicans currently have a 53-47 majority, which means that to take control, Democrats ..."
Elizabeth Warren's plan for abortion access if Roe v. Wade is overturned - Business Insider,Warren wants Congress to codify the protections of Roe v. Wade into federal law and bolster private and public insurance coverage for abortion.
A Dark Money Group Is Running Stunningly Racist Elizabeth Warren Ads in Order to Kill a Casino,An Ohio-based operative is behind the effort to tie Elizabeth Warren to a Massachusetts casino project. And they're getting exceptionally dirty in doing so.
‘Bailey Was A Bad Boy’: Elizabeth Warren’s Naughty Dog Goes Viral,BOSTON (CBS) — Elizabeth Warren's dog Bailey has become a bit of a celebrity in his own right. The golden retriever has been a part of the Massachusetts ...
Here’s why Elizabeth Warren wants the government to investigate TurboTax,"Tax Day may have been last month, but Sen. Elizabeth Warren isn't done with TurboTax. The Massachusetts senator is leading the charge for a federal ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has Clouds and Shadows Around Her Campaign. We've Seen This Movie Before.,"Do not sleep on the office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. While people in Washington are yelling at each other, and while ..."
Elizabeth Warren celebrates Chris Hughes call to break up Facebook,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who is running for president in 2020, has celebrated the Facebook cofounder Chris Hughes' call to break ..."
"How Bruce Mann, Elizabeth Warren's Devoted Husband, Helped Make Her Dreams Possible","Elizabeth Warren is famous for her deep familiarity with the issues—and as a fellow law professor, her husband Bruce Mann knows his share, too. Together, they ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has a New Nickname for Joe Biden on ‘Weekend Update’,Kate McKinnon impersonated Elizabeth Warren on SNL to talk about her student loan debt plan and Joe Biden's campaign.
Elizabeth Warren swings through Ohio: Capitol Letter,"Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts senator and Democratic 2020 contender, visited Ohio over the weekend, covering three Ohio cities in two days."
Elizabeth Warren’s Useless Accounting Bill,"Elizabeth Warren's proposed Real Corporate Profits Tax would create serious financial mischief, but Prof. Scott Dyreng's analysis (“Don't Let Warren Politicize ..."
Elizabeth Warren Takes on Kamala Harris for California Edge 2020,"Most of the Democratic presidential hopefuls are converging on San Francisco this weekend in the biggest single gathering of the candidates so far this year, ..."
Elizabeth Warren to visit Iowa State | News,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., will be hosting an organizing event at 1:45 p.m. Friday in the South Ballroom of the Memorial Union."
Booker hits Warren over proposal to break up tech giants,Cory Booker swatted at his Senate colleague and fellow 2020 presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren for her call to break up some of the country's most ...
Elizabeth Warren and Donald Trump: They are sounding a lot alike,"Rather than a champion of the working class, Warren sounds more like a power-hungry despot out for revenge on enemies both imagined and real."

Elizabeth Warren Is Completely Serious,"The first time I met Elizabeth Warren, she had just come home from a walk with her husband and her dog at *Fresh* Pond, the reservoir near her house in ..."
"Who is Elizabeth Warren? Her 2020 presidential campaign and policies, explained","Elizabeth Warren's 2020 presidential campaign stumbled out of the gate, before rising steadily to briefly become a front-runner only to stumble again as key ..."
"Elizabeth Warren Has Lots of Plans. Together, They Would Remake the Economy.","Ms. Warren could face a difficult path to winning over moderates, but by pushing out so many proposals so early, she is forcing her Democratic rivals to play ..."
'Every one of the decisions is her decision:' Inside Elizabeth Warren's policy factory,"In Washington, the political world was on edge as it waited for the long-anticipated release of special counsel Robert Mueller's report on the Russia ..."
Elizabeth Warren has lots of ideas. Bad ideas.,"The ascent of Elizabeth Warren in the Democratic race should warm the heart of any policy wonk. Her mantra is “I've got a plan for that,” and she has more than ..."
Elizabeth Warren: 'My faith animates all that I do',"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who does not usually speak about her faith on the campaign trail, talked at length on Saturday morning at the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition's ..."
Can Elizabeth Warren Win It All?,The senator from Massachusetts made her name attacking Wall Street. Now she's bringing her plans to fight outsized wealth to the 2020 Presidential race.
How Elizabeth Warren Learned to Fight,"She was Betsy to her mother, who expected her to marry. Liz to fellow high school debaters, whom she regularly beat. Now, the lessons of an Oklahoma ..."
18 Questions With Elizabeth Warren,"We asked Elizabeth Warren 18 questions on subjects including climate change and border control, fast food and personal humiliation."
Elizabeth Warren Proposes ‘Aggressive Intervention’ to Create Jobs,"Ms. Warren laid out a theme of “economic patriotism,” pledging to intervene in markets and invest $2 trillion in climate-friendly industries over a decade."
"Elizabeth Warren, moderate?","Wall Street may fear Elizabeth Warren, but her plans are actually quite moderate, writes Tim Mullaney."
What's behind Elizabeth Warren's rise? This wall of letters at her campaign HQ offers some clues,"Most mornings, Molly Doris-Pierce opens a pile of letters that arrives at Elizabeth Warren's campaign headquarters in Boston."
I Want to Live in Elizabeth Warren’s America,"It's early, but this much is true: Elizabeth Warren is running the most impressive presidential campaign in ages, certainly the most impressive campaign within my ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Plan for Presidential Primary Debate | Time,"As she prepares for a debate, Elizabeth Warren has been reviewing ambitious policy ideas and whittling them down to bite-sized explanations."
Elizabeth Warren Lays Out a Theory of Change at First Democratic Debate,"We have to push from the outside, have leadership from the inside, and make this Congress reflect the will of the people.”"
Elizabeth Warren Has a Central Plan for That,"From the very start of this presidential campaign season, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.) has faced a credibility challenge. Lately she has given voters even ..."
Why I Was Wrong About Elizabeth Warren,"And her growing popularity suggests others are coming around, too."
Who Is Elizabeth Warren? | 2020 Democratic Candidate,Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has spent her political career taking on Wall Street. She's now taking her populist message to the 2020 campaign ...
Elizabeth Warren's Day 1 priority list as president,"2020 hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren has become the 2020 candidate known for making plans, tackling college tuition, big tech, child care and housing costs."
"Democrats, ya gotta believe in Elizabeth Warren to get her elected","Jess McIntosh writes that picking a candidate who has the best shot at beating Trump in 2020 is very important to Democrats, and if voters start to really believe ..."
Here's the psychological reason Elizabeth Warren's speeches leave you feeling goosebumps - Business Insider,Elizabeth Warren was a standout in the first round of debates. Her rhetoric features a signature mix of vision statements and policy specifics. This is a display of ...
The Land Mine that Just Got Laid for Elizabeth Warren,"On several occasions in Wednesday night's Democratic debate, the NBC moderators invited candidates to take a shot at Elizabeth Warren, and neither of her ..."
Elizabeth Warren is a personal finance expert—and she has a plan for your budget,Elizabeth Warren is uniquely positioned among Democratic presidential candidates to address the systemic economic issues affecting the average American.
Fact-Checking Elizabeth Warren on the Campaign Trail,The Massachusetts senator has emphasized her wealth tax on millionaires and defended her past stance on marijuana. Here's a fact check.
Warren emerges as potential compromise nominee,Centrists who once said the senator would lead the party to ruin are coming around to her as an alternative to Bernie Sanders.
Elizabeth Warren 2020 interview: her theory of the presidency,"The 2020 candidate on how she'd get rid of the filibuster, curb political corruption, and persuade Americans that government can work for them. By Ezra ..."
The 2008 Class That Explains Elizabeth Warren’s Style,She's been tagged as a “lecturer” on the campaign. The students who watched her scrap her lesson plan to tackle the financial crisis saw something more ...
Elizabeth Warren throws red meat to her base,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) was the big dog on Wednesday's Democratic debate stage, and she did not disappoint. Her passion and hard-line progressive ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Populist Positions Echo a Certain Republican—Donald Trump,"Senator Elizabeth Warren presents herself as the antithesis of President Donald Trump, yet they share a populist economic vision as they seek to channel the ..."
"Yes, Elizabeth Warren can win","Of the 23 Democrats who have announced they're running, hers is the name that comes up most, and not just with resignation but with enthusiasm."
"Elizabeth Warren, on MSNBC, Calls Hyde Amendment an Assault on the ‘Most Vulnerable’ Women","Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, slowly gaining ground in the crowded Democratic presidential primary, appeared on MSNBC on Wednesday for a ..."
Elizabeth Warren pledges not to give ambassadorships to wealthy donors if elected,Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Friday pledged not to give ambassador posts to donors if she becomes president and said she would fill certain senior-most positions ...
Elizabeth Warren's campaign manager on disagreeing with his boss,Campaign manager Roger Lau explains why Sen. Elizabeth Warren takes so many photos at her events.
Elizabeth Warren Rises in Polls,It was just a few months ago that Elizabeth Warren was being written off as too liberal or too divisive to beat Donald Trump. But polls show Democrats are...
The Ivory Tower team of wonks behind Warren’s policy agenda,"The 2020 hopeful has tapped deep into her former world of academia, going well beyond Beltway think tanks."
Who is Elizabeth Warren? A bio of the Democratic presidential candidate,Editor's note: This story is part of PolitiFact's ongoing coverage of the 2020 campaign; these reports will be updated as the campaign continues. For more ...
"'I've got a plan for that': Senator Elizabeth Warren mixes policy, personality in Elkhart",The Democratic presidential primary campaign was in our area Wednesday. Around 600 people came out to hear Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren in ...
Elizabeth Warren on Breaking Up Big Tech,Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts believes that the government must break up monopolies and promote competitive markets. That's why she has ...
Elizabeth Warren's shift puts health insurers in the 2020 Democratic crossfire,"In reaffirming her support for a new, universal ""Medicare for All"" program, Elizabeth Warren called for ending the private health insurance industry – a ..."
Elizabeth Warren Presents Ambitious Vision to Chicago Supporters,"CHICAGO (CN) – In her first post-debate appearance, Sen. Elizabeth Warren hosted a boisterous town hall in Chicago that showcased her detailed policy ideas ..."
Elizabeth Warren has been criticized and praised for sounding like a professor,Elizabeth Warren has been criticized and praised for sounding like a professor -- which she is. How will her academic chops influence her presidential run?
"In Philly, Elizabeth Warren supporters watch her take debate’s center stage",Nearly 300 people turned out at a Center City bar Wednesday night to cheer on Elizabeth Warren as they watched the first Democratic primary debate.
"Elizabeth Warren campaign’s in so, so much trouble","Elizabeth Warren, the fake Indian, has an annoying yet revealing verbal tic –whenever she's about to tell a lie, she prefaces her whopper with the word “So."
Elizabeth Warren: 'Who does this government work for?',Little Village is posting videos of all 19 speeches made by the 2020 Democratic presidential candidates at the Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame celebration in ...
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren clash escalates in contest for progressive champion,"Miami (CNN) They will not share a debate stage this week, but that distance is unlikely to cool one of the most intense competitions brewing inside the ..."
Elizabeth Warren Might Be Democrats' Most Dangerous Debater,"For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis and more, subscribe to Mother Jones' newsletters. On Wednesday, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Big Wedding Faux Pas,"Elizabeth Warren, Massachusetts senator and top-tier Democratic presidential hopeful, didn't go to the wedding of Seth Moulton, Massachusetts representative ..."
Elizabeth Warren can win the nomination. California is key,"For Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the road to the White House runs right through California and right over fellow Sens. Kamala Harris and Bernie Sanders. A win or ..."
Elizabeth Warren vs. Wall Street,"As Senator Warren's Presidential candidacy gathers momentum, the Democratic establishment is nervously reckoning with the leftward drift of the Party. Warren ..."
Elizabeth Warren says she's 'proud' her campaign workers unionized,"""Every worker who wants to join a union, bargain collectively, & make their voice heard should have a chance to do so. The labor movement has long fought for ..."
Tucker Carlson's surprise praise for Elizabeth Warren,Sen. Elizabeth Warren's economic policy ideas got rousing support Wednesday night from a startling source: conservative commentator Tucker Carlson.
"If Senator Warren becomes President, what happens to her Senate Seat?","BOSTON (WWLP) – Senator Elizabeth Warren isn't the first Massachusetts Senator to run for president, but if she were to win, her vacant seat is sparking debate ..."
A look at Elizabeth Warren's positions on Israel,Democratic presidential candidate is currently an enigma to many pro-Israel U.S. Jews. Here is where she stands on the key issues related to the Jewish state.
"For a young Elizabeth Warren, ‘a firecracker questioner,’ debate was a ticket to another life","Warren is hoping to deliver a command performance Wednesday night, when she will join nine other candidates on stage for the first debate in the 2020 ..."
Elizabeth Warren Is the Adult in the Room,Elizabeth Warren showed up to lay out her plans—and how those plans could actually happen.
Elizabeth Warren: Here's My Plan To Cancel Student Loan Debt,Elizabeth Warren wants to cancel your student loan debt and now she has a legislative proposal. Here's what you need to know. Proposal: Cancel Student Loan ...
Elizabeth Warren's Latest Climate Plan Is a $2 Trillion Investment in Green Manufacturing,"It's Climate Plan Tuesday, apparently. Hours after Joe Biden shared his big climate plan, 2020 Democratic hopeful Senator Elizabeth Warren dropped her vision ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants $7 Billion in Grants for Minority Entrepreneurs,Presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren proposed legislation allocating $7 billion in grants to help minority entrepreneurs start businesses.
Elizabeth Warren has a 'Rachel Dolezal' problem,"Forget “Pocahontas,” President Donald Trump. The nickname most likely to upend Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential hopes? “Rachel Dolezal.” Ms. Warren ..."
"Liberal Wonks, or at Least Elizabeth Warren, Have a Plan for That","Not long ago, political pundits were writing off Elizabeth Warren's political chances, but recent polling makes her an increasingly plausible contender, and her ..."
Elizabeth Warren on immigration: 2020 candidate endorses primary’s most radical idea,"Warren is on board with a proposal, first floated by Julián Castro, to decriminalize crossing the border without papers."
Elizabeth Warren: Giant corporations need to be called out,"When asked about her many proposals during NBC's Democratic debate, presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren hit all her key points, saying the economy is ..."
Elizabeth Warren's newest climate proposal is based on a WWII global aid package,The $2 trillion plan includes ramped-up funding for low-carbon technology and financial aid for climate efforts worldwide.
Elizabeth Warren’s freestyle campaign bad news for America,"College loan debt forgiveness and free college tuition is targeted right at whiny millennials and Gen-Z'ers, a blatant attempt to get them to the polls with the ..."
Whoof! Elizabeth Warren's dog is sending text updates on her 2020 presidential campaign,"Elizabeth Warren's dog, Bailey, enjoys the spotlight during his mom's bid for the White House in 2020."
Elizabeth Warren’s Wardrobe Is Incredibly Satisfying,"Warren's campaign mantra has been that she has a “plan for everything,”which seems to include her wardrobe. Here, an appreciation of her calculated uniform, ..."
Elizabeth Warren sounds very open to ranked choice voting,"Elizabeth Warren says she's coming around on the idea of ranked choice voting. “This is one of those things I had thought, 'Nah, I don't think so. I don't think I ..."
Democrats can do better than Warrenism,"In the first Democratic debate, candidate after candidate tried to sound like the Massachusetts senator, with varying degrees of believability."
Inside Warren's battle plan to win Iowa — and the nomination,"""They established a beachhead very early and they built on it and that matters,"" said one veteran of the state's first-in-the-nation caucuses."
"Democratic primaries: Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton, and sexist media coverage","Democratic US presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren is qualified, capable, running an effective campaign, and has a plan for everything. So why is it that the ..."
"Democratic candidate Elizabeth Warren speaks at Rainbow PUSH convention with Klobuchar, Gabbard","Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren brought Sunday school to Chicago a day early at her second presidential campaign stop in the city, using Bible verses and ..."
Would A Foreign Power Interfere To Get Elizabeth Warren Elected? The Geopolitics Of Busting Big Tech,Any U.S. politician taking on Big Tech can split the world into two opposing camps. Elizabeth Warren's candidacy might prove to be an excellent test of the ...
Elizabeth Warren to campaign in Michigan this week,(WXYZ) — Sen. Elizabeth Warren will travel to Michigan Tuesday and make stops in Lansing and Detroit. The Democratic presidential candidate will be ...
Elizabeth Warren proposes $7 billion in grants for minority businesses,Warren's newest plan would provide $7 billion in grants to minority-owned businesses.
Elizabeth Warren's Big Ideas Have One Big Problem,"Elizabeth Warren, now experiencing a boomlet in early primary states, has a lot of far-reaching policy proposals -- and those proposals have a lot of admirers."
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders: Two Liberals Aiming for the Same Target,"As Ms. Warren emerges from Mr. Sanders's shadow, the two standard-bearers of the progressive base find themselves competing for voters, and donors."
Elizabeth Warren says she would ban private prisons and detention facilities as president,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren unveiled a plan Friday to ban private prisons and detention facilities, should she be elected president in 2020."
"Elizabeth Warren to introduce bill cancelling up to $50,000 in student debt for most borrowers",Elizabeth Warren's proposal to cancel student debt will soon be one step closer to reality — even if she doesn't become president. The Democratic Senator of ...
Here's what it's like to be Elizabeth Warren's policy director,Policy director Jon Donenberg explains just how involved Sen. Elizabeth Warren is in her proposals.
How Pete Buttigieg and Elizabeth Warren Cracked the Code of the 2020 Race,"In a field of 23 Democrats, Mr. Buttigieg and Ms. Warren have mastered creating moments for social media and dominating cable news coverage."
Elizabeth Warren staffer gets wonkiest inner-lip tattoo of all time,A staffer for Elizabeth Warren's campaign in Iowa got one of the senator's signature policies memorialized inside her lower lip.
Have Massachusetts Democrats lost faith in themselves or in Elizabeth Warren?,Have Massachusetts Democrats lost faith in pitching their brand of politics to the rest of the country – or are they just afraid of choosing Senator Elizabeth Warren ...
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Debate Pick of PB Democrats, to Campaign in San Diego","Sen. Elizabeth Warren will bring her buzzing presidential campaign to San Diego in coming months, says the local Democratic Party chairman. And she'd be ..."
Elizabeth Warren understands something very important about the 2020 race,"Warren is back in the top 4 in this week's CNN 2020 rankings, thanks to strong polls and a growing sense that she is back in the presidential contest. Below, the ..."
Warren takes centre stage during first Democratic primary debate,"Despite flying to Japan on Wednesday, President Trump tuned in from Air Force One and did not miss the chance to knock his would-be opponents via Twitter."
Elizabeth Warren Channels the Real New Deal,Her plans to remake the U.S. economy are as sweeping as FDR's.
Elizabeth Warren Sticks Her Message in Big Tech’s Face,"The “Break Up Big Tech” billboard, paid for by the Democrat's presidential campaign, doesn't sit well with all San Franciscans who work in the industry."
Watching Elizabeth Warren Come Alive,"The photos were all over the internet on election night of 2016. They went viral in the bad way, and they all looked something like this: Women, standing in a ..."
Nicholas Kristof: Why I was wrong about Elizabeth Warren,"As the Democratic presidential campaign began, I was deeply skeptical of Elizabeth Warren. My first objection was that she appeared to have parlayed possible ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Radical Plan to Fix the Dollar,Ms. Warren and Donald Trump agree on at least one thing: America's currency problems are hurting workers.
Is Elizabeth Warren winning the 2020 dog primary? Here’s what we know about Bailey’s contenders.,Sen. Elizabeth Warren might not currently be the frontrunner in the Democratic presidential primary. But her dog could very well be leading among his peers.
"At primary debate, Warren calls for federal law on abortion","With a federal law on abortion, differences between states wouldn't be a striking as they are now."
Everything Elizabeth Warren Said During Night 1 of the Democratic Debate in Miami,"Listen to everything Elizabeth Warren said during the first night of the Democratic presidential debates in Miami, FL."
Elizabeth Warren Even Has a Selfie Plan,Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren has a specific plan to take pictures with as many supporters as possible.
Where Is Elizabeth Warren's Plan For K-12 Public Education?,Elizabeth Warren has plans. You can buy a t-shirt that says so. You can find plan after plan listed on her website. Plans for new tax structure. Plans for ending ...
Elizabeth Warren says Trump is risking another ‘forever war’ with Iran - Business Insider,Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday slammed President Donald Trump over the rising tensions with Iran and warned the US doesn't need another ...
Elizabeth Warren Is a Radical Wonk,"Her bold, detailed approach represents a break not just from Trump but also from Obama."
Susan Estrich: Watch out for Elizabeth Warren,No one had a worse campaign debut than Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren. Pocahontas. Why was she listed as Native American in law school directories ...
Here's Every Plan Elizabeth Warren's Ultra-Millionaire Tax Will Pay For,"Elizabeth Warren's tax plan is estimated to bring in $2.75 trillion in revenue over a ten-year period. which could help pay for universal child care, tuition-free ..."
Elizabeth Warren just introduced her child care plan in Congress,Sen. Elizabeth Warren's (D-MA) universal child care plan was one of her earliest and most ambitious policy proposals as a 2020 presidential candidate.

Elizabeth Warren Has Momentum. Can She Build a Movement?,The senator from Massachusetts is on the verge of turning her campaign into something much larger.
“You Know Where She Stands”: Is Elizabeth Warren the One?,"In a political-media universe where news is no longer authoritative, unreality reigns, and every day is an all-out war for attention, Warren is cutting through the ..."
"Elizabeth Warren isn’t as popular as you’d think in Massachusetts, raising 2020 concerns",BOSTON — Elizabeth Warren has long struggled to capture independent voters in her home state of Massachusetts. This dynamic betrays a fear among ...
Elizabeth Warren Buries Some Inconvenient Truths,Beneath her impressive rhetorical arc were two neat dodges that could come back to haunt her.
Elizabeth Warren shuns conventional wisdom for a new kind of campaign,"She's largely rejecting D.C.'s consultant class, instead hiring people in-house to make her ads. But it's far from a sure thing it will work."
Elizabeth Warren says she has a plan for that. Here’s a running list,Senator Elizabeth Warren is blitzing the 2020 Democratic primary field with a series of ambitious policy proposals covering everything from student loans to the ...
Elizabeth Warren's new plan targets Wall Street and private equity 'vampires',Elizabeth Warren pivoted her presidential campaign on Thursday to the issue that made the Massachusetts senator a hero of the progressive left long before she ...
Warren: Why run just to talk about what we can't do?,"During CNN's 2020 Democratic primary debate, Sen. Elizabeth Warren clashes with former Rep. John Delaney over whether a progressive agenda is realistic."
Elizabeth Warren is winning grudging respect among some on Wall Street,"There's a new whisper on Wall Street — maybe Elizabeth Warren isn't so bad. The Democratic senator, who rose to national prominence by calling for tough ..."
Here's what fueled Elizabeth Warren's giant 2nd quarter fundraising haul,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren's second quarter fundraising was massive: The presidential candidate raised $19.1 million in a three-month period, a stark contrast from ..."
"Elizabeth Warren’s Campaign Receives 1 Million Donations, Hitting Milestone","Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has received one million donations to her campaign for president, her team said on Friday, making her the only ..."
Warren used to be a conservative. This changed her mind,"2020 Democratic hopeful Elizabeth Warren grew up in Oklahoma and used to tease her high school classmate about being a part of a ""subversive organization"" ..."
How to Get a Selfie With Elizabeth Warren in 8 Steps,"Here's a step-by-step look at how Ms. Warren has orchestrated her selfie line with voters. Since entering the race, she has taken pictures with more than 38000 ..."
A Rising Warren Has Made Policy A Central Part Of Her Brand,It's been a good week for Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. Her presidential campaign announced strong fundraising numbers from the last three months ...
Peter Thiel says Elizabeth Warren is ‘dangerous;’ Warren responds: ‘Good’,"Senator Elizabeth Warren doesn't seem too unhappy about being labeled “dangerous” by investor Peter Thiel . Thiel, who co-founded PayPal, Palantir and ..."
Can Elizabeth Warren Beat Trump in 2020? Inside Her Radical Plan,"After a slow start, she's gaining momentum by pushing her party to embrace bold, left-wing ideas that could win back the Oval Office—or cost Democrats ..."
"Elizabeth Warren's 35,000 selfies aren't just for kicks; they're a campaign strategy","A lot of these people might soon forget her speech, but they won't ever forget taking the photo,” remarked Chad Crabtree, the Elkhart County Democratic Party ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has A Plan For That: 10 Policies You Need To Know,Sen. Elizabeth Warren and her nerd brigade have a clear strategy for the 2020 presidential election: Run a policy-heavy campaign that speaks to the issues ...
Elizabeth Warren’s pitch: pragmatism from the heart,Warren bridged the personal and political before about 300 voters Saturday at a New Hampshire house party in her honor.
Election 2020: Elizabeth Warren draws a crowd in Bow,"For Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Special Counsel Robert Mueller's at-times halting delivery before two House committees last week was not the disaster some in her ..."
Elizabeth Warren: The academic who made banking cool,"Growing up in Oklahoma, Elizabeth Warren was a conservative. But a research project during her time as a law school professor changed her mind."
Warren proposes trade overhaul with strict preconditions for all countries,"Elizabeth Warren has released a trade plan that would set up standards countries must meet as a precondition for any trade agreement, and she vows to ..."
Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren to host town hall in Tempe,"Arizona has long been a Republican-friendly state, but the state is considered a battleground in 2020."
"As Bernie Sanders grapples with his unionized workers, Elizabeth Warren says her union negotiations are 'going well'","""I'm not here to knock another Democrat, all I can say is we're in the middle of our negotiations and I think they're going well,"" Warren said in reference to Sen."
Elizabeth Warren’s Debt Warning,How can a senator issue a warning about U.S. debt levels without noting the massive debt of the federal government? On Monday Democratic presidential ...
Dow breast implant case spotlights Elizabeth Warren’s work helping big corporations navigate bankruptcies,"When Dow Corning faced thousands of lawsuits in the 1990s from women saying they had become sick from the company's silicone gel breast implants, ..."
Warren: We should stop using Republican talking points,Sen. Elizabeth Warren shuts down the crowd's laughter when discussing health care during CNN's 2020 Democratic primary debate in Detroit.
Elizabeth Warren's plan to forgive student debt would help 45 million students,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren introduced a bill Tuesday that would forgive the student debt of tens of millions of Americans. Under the bill, all 45 million Americans with ..."
"Elizabeth Warren’s comprehensive immigration proposal, explained","Presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) calls for decriminalizing crossing the border without papers, reducing immigration detention, and ..."
What we learned from Politico’s report on Elizabeth Warren’s unorthodox campaign,"As she runs for president, Senator Elizabeth Warren is breaking away from a long-established campaign playbook that powers an influential and profitable ..."
105 town halls and 35000 selfies: how Warren has shaken up the 2020 race,"The Massachusetts senator has led the policy agenda and forced rivals to play catch-up, but her grandest plan is to save capitalism from itself. by Lauren ..."
This question made Warren gleefully rub her hands,"During CNN's 2020 Democratic primary debate, John Delaney speaks about Sen. Elizabeth Warren's health plan which he would be subject to, given his net ..."
Elizabeth Warren gets big bucks from employees of the tech companies she wants to break up,"The Massachusetts senator came in second among the Democratic presidential candidates in donations from employees of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and ..."
Elizabeth Warren: I could go to college on a waitress' salary. Americans can't do that anymore,"Elizabeth Warren writes that on a part-time waitress salary, she could afford to go to a four-year public college, but that opportunity no longer exists for most ..."
Warren: We must be a country that lives our values,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren criticized current immigration laws, saying it ""gives Donald Trump the ability to take children away from their ..."
Elizabeth Warren's first law review article blasted an anti-busing court ruling,Warren's law review article sheds a new light on an early-career stance on busing previously unknown that stands in stark contrast to Vice President Joe Biden ...
Elizabeth Warren's heritage struggles all started here,Questions about why Elizabeth Warren was being used as an example as Harvard University's diversity first arose during her race for Senate in Massachusetts.
Elizabeth Warren's campaign receives 1 million donations,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) announced in an email Friday that her 2020 presidential campaign has collected 1 million donations. Why it matters: Sen.
Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren to visit Las Vegas this week,"Following the Democratic debates scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday, July 30 and 31, Massachusetts Senator and presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren ..."
Analysis | The Finance 202: Elizabeth Warren's pitch to upend private equity rattles industry,THE TICKER. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta). Private equity leaders are pushing back sharply against a new plan from Sen.
"Elizabeth Warren’s Trade Plan Empowers Workers, Not Corporations",The Massachusetts senator's latest plan is about power as much as policies.
Elizabeth Warren is running for president. Five things Californians need to know about her,"Learn about Elizabeth Warren, a Democratic presidential candidate in 2020. Things to know about the Massachusetts senator include her plan to abolish ..."
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders are building very different progressive coalitions,"When Sen. Bernie Sanders launched his first presidential campaign, he was going it alone -- the only candidate in a small 2016 contest offering a loud and clear ..."
This is how Elizabeth Warren plans to close the pay gap for women of color,"On Friday, Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren released an ambitious plan to close the pay gaps that women of color face at work. In a Medium ..."
Churchill: Gillibrand's underhanded swipe at Elizabeth Warren,"On Friday, Kirsten Gillibrand made an extraordinary claim."
"In deep-red Iowa, Elizabeth Warren sticks to her populist message. There are issues that 'transcend party lines,' she says.","ORANGE CITY, Iowa — Sen. Elizabeth Warren spent time as a Democratic presidential candidate in the most conservative county in Iowa during a two-day ..."
"To Better Understand Elizabeth Warren, Try Reading Her Husband - LARB","JULY 18, 2019. ELIZABETH WARREN SOMETIMES JOKES about how low a profile her husband has kept during her political career. In her 2014 memoir, ..."
Elizabeth Warren Calls on Former F.D.A. Chief to Quit Pfizer Board,"Senator Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday called on Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the former commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, to resign from the board of ..."
What Wall Street thinks of Elizabeth Warren,"CONVERSATIONS WITH bankers about the Democratic primaries invariably turn to Elizabeth Warren, a senator for Massachusetts. That is not because they like ..."
Elizabeth Warren to hold July 5 town hall at the University of Houston,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is set to hold a town hall meeting at the school she graduated from in 1970. It will be one of two campaign stops Warren has ...
Elizabeth Warren is siding with Google and Amazon over digital payments,"Big Tech has a surprising ally in Elizabeth Warren, at least when it comes to digital payments. The US presidential candidate and three fellow democratic ..."
A Warren or Sanders presidency could cost Democrats a Senate seat,"WASHINGTON — Democratic presidential contender Elizabeth Warren has been on a run in the last three months — moving up in the polls, raising nearly $20 ..."
Netroots Nation was the day Elizabeth Warren became president of the American left | Will Bunch,Sen. Elizabeth Warren's speech Saturday in Philly felt more like a coronation for the activist left.
"The Daily 202: Lock them up, Elizabeth Warren says about border agents who mistreat immigrants",The left is hungry for criminal consequences and pitchfork populism.
Elizabeth Warren Bet Big on Impeachment. Will Mueller Pay It Off?,"Elizabeth Warren has bet bigger on Robert Mueller than any of the other Democratic presidential contenders. In March, when the special counsel delivered his ..."
"At Last Night’s Debate, Elizabeth Warren Spoke for Women Who Are Tired of Being ‘Reasonable’","A warrior for voters who don't want to settle, Warren won the hearts and minds of irritated women nationwide last night."
Elizabeth Warren welcomes Tom Steyer to the 2020 race — with a subtweet,"Welcome to the Democratic presidential primary, Tom Steyer. Elizabeth Warren disapproves of your campaign. “The Democratic primary should not be decided ..."
Watch night one of the CNN debate: Part 3,Sen. Elizabeth Warren and former Rep. John Delaney clash over how progressive Democrats should be during the third part of night one of the CNN Democratic ...
Ayanna Pressley and Elizabeth Warren want the government to clear your paycheck faster,"For American workers living paycheck-to-paycheck, waiting for those checks to clear can be a problem. The Federal Reserve can take up to five days to clear a ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has a Plan That Could Be Good for Investors,"By making private-equity firms more liable for their decisions with portfolio companies, legislation proposed by Sen. Warren and other Democrats could improve ..."
Elizabeth Warren says she would have accepted an offer to be Hillary Clinton’s running mate,Elizabeth Warren was widely rumored to be a top candidate to be Hillary Clinton's running mate in 2016. But would the Massachusetts senator have accepted ...
"In Sioux City, Elizabeth Warren touts new plan aimed at private equity firms","SIOUX CITY, Ia. — Sen. Elizabeth Warren touted her new plan aimed at private equity firms — the companies that buy and sell companies for profit."
Elizabeth Warren: A financial crisis is coming,"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren said there are warning signs for another financial crisis that would devastate the United States -- ""a single shock could ..."
'Conversation with the Candidate' with Elizabeth Warren: Online exclusive,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren joins Adam Sexton for the latest installment of the ""Conversation with the Candidate"" series. In this portion ..."
Elizabeth Warren's mom saved their family home,When Elizabeth Warren was in middle school her father had a heart attack. Her mom found a minimum wage job at Sears to support the family. Warren says that ...
Hoping for a Warren-Sanders clash? Their campaigns say don't hold your breath,Progressives are determined to lift either Sen. Bernie Sanders or Sen. Elizabeth Warren to the Democratic presidential nomination next year.
"Elizabeth Warren's Mother, Pauline Herring, Had a Profound Impact on Warren's Life and Work","Presidential candidate Senator Elizabeth Warren has made her fight for working people a big part of her platform for 2020. Her mother passed away in 1995, but ..."
Defense Secretary nominee Esper spars with Warren over ties to defense contractor,"Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump's nominee for secretary of Defense, Mark Esper, appeared to sail through Tuesday's hearing before the Senate ..."
"Elizabeth Warren to return to NH on Saturday, endorsed by immigration attorney Ron Abramson","Sen. Elizabeth Warren will return to New Hampshire on Saturday for a house party and a town hall event, and ahead of the visit, WMUR has learned she has ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s plan for private equity has good aims but misses the mark,"It's impossible to think about business these days without thinking about private equity. These investment firms, with names like Blackstone, KKR, Bain Capital ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Wall Street frenemies,"Elizabeth Warren understands Wall Street better than any other presidential candidate. She studied it in her previous career as a Harvard professor, and she has ..."
Watch Sanders discuss his relationship with Warren,"Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders told CNN's Anderson Cooper that fellow candidate Elizabeth Warren is a ""friend"" and that he respects her, but ..."
Has Elizabeth Warren Painted Herself Into a Corner on Health Care?,"Intelligencer staffers discuss the health care plans of Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, and whether Tuesday's Democratic primary debate strengthened or ..."
Democrat Elizabeth Warren plans campaign stop in Toledo,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren will make a stop in northern Ohio next week.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren requests investigation of Border Patrol and ICE detention of U.S. citizens,Sen. Elizabeth Warren has requested that the inspector general's office of the Department of Homeland Security conduct an investigation into the detention of ...
2020: Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren capturing attention of black women voters,"Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris have both shown momentum in the presidential race. To keep it, they'll need to win over black women."
11-year-old reporter scores interview with Elizabeth Warren ahead of Democratic debates,"Washington (CNN) As 20 candidates warm up for the second round of Democratic presidential debates in Detroit, 11-year-old freelance reporter Jaden Jefferson ..."
This Was Elizabeth Warren’s Plan All Along,"When Elizabeth Warren came to Washington — not the first time, as a bankruptcy expert, or the second time, to oversee the bank bailout during the Great ..."
Warren takes on Harris and Biden in battle for black support,The Massachusetts senator is making an aggressive play for African American support — and the outcome could well determine whether she's the nominee.
"Warren and Harris Rise in Democratic Primary, Challenging Male Front-Runners","Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris have surged since the debate, reframing a race that Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders once hoped to control."
Van Jones: Elizabeth Warren can unite Democratic Party,Van Jones breaks down Sen. Elizabeth Warren's and Sen. Bernie Sanders' performance after the first of two CNN Democratic debates.
Elizabeth Warren presses Pfizer for information on Scott Gottlieb,"Warren wrote that she remains ""disappointed that Dr. Gottlieb appears to be unwilling to reconsider his decision to join the Pfizer board."""
Wall Street should support an Elizabeth Warren for president | TheHill,"The 2020 choice is between trying to preserve the current predatory, anything-goes, anti-democratic, crony capitalism as practiced by Wall Street today, and ..."
How Elizabeth Warren Turned Herself Into A Meme,"Elizabeth Warren is on the rise, and part of it seems to be the idea of having plans, maybe more than any particular plan."
Foreign Correspondent: Elizabeth Warren on War and Peace,"Warren's troubling foreign policy history includes uncritical support of Israel, supporting sanctions on Venezuela, and vilifying Russia and China as national ..."
'Elizabeth Warren has a plan for that' memes are here to test your rhyming skills,"How many words can you think of that rhyme with plan? If the answer is ""at least one"" then we have great news: You can take part in the latest Elizabeth Warren ..."
"Elizabeth Warren: Why Would You Run for President to Talk About What We ""Shouldn't Fight For""","""I don't understand why anybody goes to all the trouble of running for President of the United States just to talk about what really we can't do and shouldn't fight ..."
Elizabeth Warren's dire warning about the US economy is way too pessimistic - Business Insider,2020 Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren raised red flags about a possible US economic recession. But her analysis was off base.
Wall Street Banks Would Love President Elizabeth Warren,"Surprisingly for someone who made her name in part by criticizing the practices of Wall Street, Senator Elizabeth Warren is slowly winning the respect of the ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Private Equity Proposal Encourages Abuses,"Any struggling company, especially one with hard to predict pension, litigation or regulatory problems, would become radioactive."
Cramer: China better cut a trade deal with Trump — a 'President Warren' would be even tougher,"CNBC's Jim Cramer says China should make a deal with President Trump before the 2020 election, or risk dealing with Sen. Elizabeth Warren. Democratic ..."
"Who Was Donald Jones Herring, Elizabeth Warren's Dad?","Elizabeth Warren speaks often about her childhood growing up in Oklahoma and her family's experience as a part of the ""jagged edge of the middle class."""
Why Elizabeth Warren’s biggest 2020 competition might be Kamala Harris,Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren are increasingly competing for the same voters and donors in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary. Warren is often ...
Elizabeth Warren opening campaign office in Sioux City,"SIOUX CITY -- A second Democratic presidential candidate will open a campaign office in Sioux City, as Elizabeth Warren will take that step on Tuesday."
Watch Elizabeth Warren Grill the Defense Secretary Nominee over Raytheon Money,In a fiery exchange. Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren pushed Defense Secretary nominee Mark Esper to commit to a firewall with Raytheon. He refused.
Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would expand food stamps for low-income college students,"On Wednesday, Senator Elizabeth Warren and Congressman Al Lawson introduced legislation that would expand the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to include ..."
Warren: We're not going to win moment with spinelessness,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren shares why she thinks moderate Democrats are wrong about major health care reform and how her ...
Elizabeth Warren reintroduces legislation requiring corporations to disclose climate risk exposure,The announcement comes amid growing investor concerns that assets are priced insecurely because of certain climate risks that are not being factored in.
Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren want to force cities to adopt YIMBY policies. Can they?,"They have plans to try, but it's unclear how effective they'd be."
Right-Wingers Freak Out Over Elizabeth Warren's Pronouns,They're accusing her of pandering and worse by making the inclusive gesture of listing her preferred pronouns.

Many Democrats Love Elizabeth Warren. They Also Worry About Her.,"Even as she demonstrates why she is a leading presidential candidate, Ms. Warren is facing persistent questions and doubts about whether she would be able ..."
How Elizabeth Warren Built A $12 Million Fortune,"Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren identifies as a capitalist, which makes sense, given her estimated $12 million fortune. She and her husband, ..."
What Elizabeth Warren Is Quietly Telling Democratic Insiders,"With phone calls, texts and handwritten notes, the Massachusetts senator is continuing an unusually determined outreach effort to show party officials she is ..."
The Education of Elizabeth Warren,"The former law professor's path to presidential contender began in Texas bankruptcy courts, where she witnessed desperate families, similar to her own."
Why Elizabeth Warren is the one to watch,She is hitting her stride because of two important traits.
Elizabeth Warren is running a brilliant campaign,"David Axelrod, a senior CNN political commentator and host of ""The Axe Files,"" was senior adviser to President Barack Obama and chief strategist for the 2008 ..."
Elizabeth Warren Apologizes at Native American Forum: ‘I Have Listened and I Have Learned’,"SIOUX CITY, Iowa — Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, speaking at a presidential forum on Native American issues on Monday, offered a direct, ..."
Elizabeth Warren Is On The Rise — Can She Beat Trump?,"After a summer that included two strong debate performances, the Massachusetts senator has seen a rise in fundraising, polls and crowds. But can she win it ..."
Voters wait for hours in Elizabeth Warren's 'selfie' line. Is her strategy working?,Only a handful of people might have been jealous of 16-year-old Nathan Wall's spot at the back of 2020 candidate Elizabeth Warren's “selfie line” in Seattle on ...
Elizabeth Warren just met her look-alike at a rally. Can you tell them apart?,"When Elizabeth Warren met Stephanie Oyen at a rally, her first words were, ""We need to talk."""
2020 Democratic candidate Elizabeth Warren holds L.A. town hall,"Elizabeth Warren had the crowd going wild over pennies. Halfway through her Wednesday campaign event in Los Angeles, the crowd erupted into a chant of ..."
"Elizabeth Warren On 2020 Campaign And Need For 'Big, Structural Change'","Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been rolling around Iowa in an RV with a message plastered on the back: ""Honk if you're ready for big structural ..."
‘Pocahontas’ Could Still Be Elizabeth Warren’s Biggest Vulnerability,"Elizabeth Warren came to last week's Native American presidential forum in Sioux City, Iowa, with, as you might expect, a plan. And she executed it perfectly."
Elizabeth Warren Introduces Sweeping Gun Control Plan,Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren introduced a sweeping gun control plan Saturday with the goal of reducing gun deaths by 80% through executive action ...
Elizabeth Warren is surging. This one big question looms over her.,There has been only one sustained-momentum candidate early in the 2020 Democratic primary contest: Sen. Elizabeth Warren. She's risen to second place in ...
The Summer of Elizabeth Warren,"GQ's Julia Ioffe talks with Elizabeth Warren on the campaign trail about Hillary Clinton's trailblazing, Donald Trump's attention, and Warren's biggest pitch of all: ..."
Elizabeth Warren Sells Populism to Professionals,Warren's campaign rests on the theory that the past decade has transformed the way class is felt in America.
There’s a reason Elizabeth Warren is surging,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) held a town hall in Los Angeles on Wednesday in front of a huge audience. If you saw her just a few months ago, you would ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Classroom Strategy,Elizabeth Warren has been instructing students since she was 8 years old and is the most professorial presidential candidate in modern history. But does ...
Elizabeth Warren unveils $85 billion proposal to guarantee high-speed internet access,The Democratic presidential hopeful unveils a plan to guarantee universal high-speed internet access and investments in rural communities.
Elizabeth Warren On How Personal Struggles Inspired Her Politics,"For Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, all politics are personal. Her focus on the fragility of the middle class dates back to key moments in her own life."
Internet loves Elizabeth Warren's run across a field,A video of presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren dashing through a New Hampshire field to make a speech has gone viral. CNN's Jeanne Moos reports.
Elizabeth Warren Offers a Policy Agenda for Native Americans,"WASHINGTON — Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts on Friday laid out a collection of policy proposals intended to help Native Americans, pledging to ..."
Elizabeth Warren apologizes to Native American audience,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren apologized for her previous characterizations of her identity while speaking to indigenous groups in Sioux ...
How Elizabeth Warren went from a regulation critic to Wall Street watchdog,"Long before Elizabeth Warren became one of the nation's leading progressive voices, she was an academic who articulated a conservative worldview on the ..."
What Elizabeth Warren's massive crowds tell us,"Over the weekend, Elizabeth Warren spoke in front of 15000 people at a campaign rally in Seattle, Washington."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Pitches Campaign Platform To Supporters In Tempe,Several thousand people attended a campaign rally for Democratic candidate for president Elizabeth Warren in Tempe on Thursday night. According to the ...
How Elizabeth Warren plans to reboot the farm economy,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Wednesday unveiled a sweeping overhaul of farm policy, building on her goal of leveling the playing field between farmers ..."
Elizabeth Warren Calls Trump a White Supremacist,"COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa — Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said on Wednesday night that she believed President Trump was a white supremacist, ..."
"Elizabeth Warren, like Trump, had an early embrace of TV","Elizabeth Warren entered politics after honing her skills on ""Dr. Phil,"" a staple of daytime confessional TV."
How Elizabeth Warren won both nights of the Democratic debate,"The other candidates had to compete with her, although she wasn't onstage."
Elizabeth Warren's political evolution,"Long before Elizabeth Warren became one of the nation's leading progressive voices, she was an academic who articulated a conservative worldview on the ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Crisis Has Arrived,She claimed taxpayers would profit from the scam that helped make her rich.
Elizabeth Warren to host Seattle town hall this weekend,"SEATTLE - Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren is taking a break from campaigning in Iowa to visit Seattle this weekend. Warren, whose campaign ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren overrode her adviser on this issue,2020 presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) tells CNN's David Axelrod why the selfie line is an important part of her campaign events.
"Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders on similar, competing paths","The Democratic primary offers progressive voters a choice between two heroes of the left, Sens. Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Elizabeth Warren of ..."
2020 hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren to campaign in St. Paul next week,"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren will bring her 2020 Democratic presidential campaign to St. Paul on Monday. A town hall is set for 6:15 p.m., Aug. 19, at the Leonard ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants Wells Fargo to Explain Fees on Closed Accounts,Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has asked Wells Fargo's interim chief executive to explain the bank's policies for charging overdraft fees on ...
Can Elizabeth Warren Pass the Blackjewel Test?,"It's absurd that Donald Trump has the trust of anyone in the working class. But if Democrats want to regain the faith of the voters they lost, they should look at their ..."
"Before Politics, Elizabeth Warren Gained a Following With a Personal Finance Book","A few years out of college, Sarah Sparkman was struggling with debt. She pored over personal finance books, but says the advice was impractical and the tone ..."
The One Thing Elizabeth Warren Needs to Do to Win,A presidential bid that began almost a year ago with an embarrassing DNA test to prove her Native American roots has now become the dominant story of the ...
How Elizabeth Warren Came Up with a Plan to Break Up Big Tech,"In March, Warren released a plan that aims to reverse what is now a nearly four-decade trend in the concentration of corporate power in the U.S. economy."
Sen. May: I support Elizabeth Warren for president (Your letters),"Massachusetts senator refuses ""to be cynical or hopeless about the power of government to make a positive difference,"" writes state senator from Syracuse."
Elizabeth Warren: Trump should not 'wink and nod and smile' about white supremacy,"Washington (CNN) Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren on Sunday said President Donald Trump should not ""wink and nod and smile"" about ..."
Elizabeth Warren is the real economic threat,What her plan to eliminate student debt doesn't tell you is that it will put that fiscal burden on the taxpayers.
Warren must end vile rhetoric,Sen. Warren's rantings against law enforcement are dangerous.
Democrat Elizabeth Warren talks plans for presidency at USC Aiken rally,"Saturday, August 17, 2019. News 12 at 11. AIKEN, S.C. (WRDW/WAGT) - Twenty-three democratic presidential hopefuls are now in the running for the 2020 ..."
Elizabeth Warren is rising. But Joe Biden keeps leading on electability.,"Elizabeth Warren is enjoying another bounce in the polls after a strong performance in CNN's Democratic presidential debate last week, with back-to-back ..."
Elizabeth Warren is a hit in N.H.,"Despite some hokey Okie-ness, the crowd in Franconia loved her."
Elizabeth Warren: Here’s how we get broadband Internet to rural America,Millions still don't have access to crucial Internet services. Blame providers.
Native American critics still wary of Warren despite apology tour,"As Sen. Elizabeth Warren has surged in the 2020 polls, she has made more aggressive moves to quash the lingering controversy around her past claims of ..."
Elizabeth Warren apologizes for her claim to tribal heritage,"SIOUX CITY, Iowa — Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren offered a public apology Monday to Native Americans over her past claim to tribal ..."
"Elizabeth Warren comes out against Line 3 and Twin Metals, and Minnesota construction unions are not happy",U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren waded into a pair of controversial environmental debates in Minnesota this week by saying she opposed a copper-nickel mine ...
"Axios-NewsWhip 2020 attention tracker: Warren dodging attacks, winning praise","When negative coverage is excluded, stories about Elizabeth Warren are going farther online than coverage of any of the other 2020 Democratic presidential ..."
"Campaigning in SC Elizabeth Warren says plans have bipartisan appeal, the key is talking","COLUMBIA, S.C. (WIS) - Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren is portrayed as one of the most progressive Democrats in the race for the party's nomination, ..."
Warren look-alike has supporters seeing double,Democratic Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren found herself taking selfies with her doppelganger during a rally in Minnesota. CNN's Jeanne Moos reports.
Elizabeth Warren Has a Plan to Finish What FDR Started,"If Democrats want to be competitive again in rural America, they will need to go bold—as bold as Franklin Delano Roosevelt in the New Deal era. That's when ..."
Elizabeth Warren has a plan for everything. What about guns?,"Warren will release a gun safety policy in coming days, but her competitors have already put out detailed plans."
Inside Elizabeth Warren’s Charlestown campaign HQ,"Elizabeth Warrren's operation hums inside Charlestown's Acme Binding building, including a pair of cornhole boards penciled with the word “Persist” and a suit ..."
Can Elizabeth Warren Win?,Readers discuss her appeal to youthful voters. Also: Immigrant detention; recessions; the gun lobby; choices in dying; nuclear war.
What's drawing Pittsburgh to Elizabeth Warren? Let her supporters explain,"One in an occasional series on Pittsburgh-area supporters of presidential candidates. When Tim Gyves was a broke 20-something in Brooklyn, saddled with ..."
Sen. Warren draws thousands to Seattle Center at weekend campaign stop,SEATTLE – Thousands packed the Seattle Center International Fountain area Sunday for Sen. Elizabeth Warren's campaign stop in Seattle on Sunday.
Warren makes $85B federally funded broadband promise,"As part of her bid for the presidency, Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) has made some bold proposals to improve access to broadband in underserved areas, ..."
Elizabeth Warren hammers ‘hate-for-profit’ Fox News after shootings,"When Elizabeth Warren was asked earlier this year if she'd ever attend a Fox News town hall, the Democratic presidential candidate slammed the network as a..."
"Elizabeth Warren, met with the largest Soapbox crowd so far, touts her 2-cent ultra-millionaires tax","The senator from Massachusetts was met with the biggest crowd of the Des Moines Register Political Soapbox, with numbers easily in the thousands."
Ed Markey releases video endorsement from Elizabeth Warren amid possible Joe Kennedy primary challenge,WASHINGTON—Senator Elizabeth Warren says she is throwing “my full support” behind the re-election bid of her Massachusetts Democratic colleague Ed ...
Elizabeth Warren Announces Plans to Help Heirs’ Property Owners,The Democratic presidential candidate cited a ProPublica investigation into black land loss in her proposal.
Elizabeth Warren Looks to Sway Undecided Voters in NH,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren drew hundreds to a picturesque farm just north of Franconia Notch, New Hampshire, who came to hear the presidential candidate now..."
Elizabeth Warren ripped again over tweet criticizing cops,"Police officers are slamming U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren for ""political pandering"" they say could get cops and citizens ""hurt and killed"" in the second round of ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Asks Why the Justice Department Went Easy on Big Banks,"After an article by ProPublica and American Banker examining how the DOJ softened settlements with RBS and Barclays, the presidential candidate blasts ..."
Interview With a Doppelgänger: Elizabeth Warren's Lookalike,"The last week has been a whirlwind for Stephanie Oyen. It was the last day of the Edina resident's nonprofit job on Monday, and as she was saying goodbye to ..."
Warren Is Missing a Plan,"According to presidential aspirant Elizabeth Warren and her supporters, the Massachusetts Democrat “has a plan” for everything. Student-loan forgiveness ..."
Elizabeth Warren calls for investigation into FTC for 'misleading' Equifax data breach victims over compensation,"""The FTC has the authority to investigate and protect the public from unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including deceptive advertising,"" Sen. Elizabeth Warren ..."
"Elizabeth Warren's 2003 Book Advised Women 'Don't Have Children,' Now She's Calling For Universal Child Care","Having a child is ""the single best predictor that a woman will end up in financial collapse,"" Warren wrote in a 2003 book with her daughter."
"Warren makes inroads into Sanders’s world, one backer at a time","Without fanfare, Warren is stealing some of Sanders's 2016 network out from under him."
Elizabeth Warren’s Radical Idea,"She believes that if voters are given the opportunity to support an agenda that's both coherent and compassionate, they will take it."
Man arrested at Elizabeth Warren event after tussling with MAGA protesters,"TEMPE, Arizona – A man was arrested by police Thursday night at an event for Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., when he refused to leave after arguing with ..."
‘It Looks Like Minnesota Is Ready For Some Change’: Elizabeth Warren Stumps In St. Paul,MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Thousands of people packed a Minnesota college campus Monday evening to hear one of the top Democratic presidential ...
Elizabeth Warren Unveils New Plan to Reduce U.S. Gun Deaths by 80%,Democratic presidential candidate and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren published a new plan on Saturday that pledges to reduce American firearm deaths ...
'I am sorry for the harm I have caused': Elizabeth Warren at Native American forum – video,The Democratic presidential candidate offered a public apology on Monday to Native Americans over her past claim to tribal heritage.
Warren has lots of plans. But not on health care.,"By embracing ""Medicare for All,"" Elizabeth Warren can attract progressive voters and keep the peace with Bernie Sanders."
"Yet Another Democratic Presidential Candidate, Elizabeth Warren, Will Make Stops In Our Area This Week","Massachusetts Senator and 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, Elizabeth Warren, is headed back to Iowa, making several different stops on the road to the ..."
AB 5 will end shameful exploitation of gig economy workers,"Some technology companies have mistaken exploitation for innovation. Assembly Bill 5 , currently pending in the Legislature, will make sure gig economy ..."
A voter who could be key to Elizabeth Warren's 2020 hopes? Justice Brett Kavanaugh,"Elizabeth Warren's political origin story is inextricably tied to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a regulatory agency the presidential contender ..."
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders slam Big Tech but their campaigns spend heavily on them,"WASHINGTON – In March, when thousands of Uber and Lyft drivers in Los Angeles went on strike over low pay and lack of benefits, Democratic presidential ..."
Elizabeth Warren is having a moment for Democrats. It may not last long,SALT LAKE CITY — Presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren has become a social media darling in recent weeks. She's also corralled some pretty large ...
"The Rock Was Spotted Reading Elizabeth Warren's Book on ""Ballers""","In the fifth season premiere of his HBO series, Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson can be seen reading senator and ""Ballers"" superfan Elizabeth Warren's book."
Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren returns to South Carolina,"U.S. Senator and 2020 presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren will be making her seventh trip to South Carolina this week, according to a statement from her ..."
Elizabeth Warren to Campaign in Minnesota on Monday,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren will host a town hall meeting at the Leonard Center Fieldhouse at Macalester College in St. Paul.
"Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders Are, Actually, Here to Make Friends","During the first night of the 2020 Democratic debates, Senator Elizabeth Warren stood alone. Up there on that stage in Miami, there were other talked-about ..."
"No, a Lemonade Stand Didn’t Charge Elizabeth Warren $7 for a Lemonade","A photo op at an Iowa lemonade stand had some scratching their heads amid reports that Elizabeth Warren paid $7 for the beverage. Alas, she did not."
Elizabeth Warren Twitter knock on cops angers police chiefs,Massachusetts police chiefs are blasting U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren for the second time in a year over “reckless” comments about law enforcement in what they ...
Lefty media rushes to puff up Elizabeth Warren,"Want to write a puff piece about the fake Indian, Elizabeth Warren? Take a ticket! It used to be that the Boston Globe practically had a monopoly on slobbering, ..."
‘A reckoning’: Sanders and Warren supporters see an alliance on the brink,"Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are ideological allies in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary. But the two candidates are splitting the liberal vote, ..."
"Elizabeth Warren, Democrats, media stoop to exploit violence","Shortly after the El Paso shooting, Elizabeth Warren reignited her longstanding Fox feud, this time tweeting, “We need to call it out: Fox News is a hate-for-profit ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s criminal justice plan involves legalizing marijuana and safe injection sites,"Marijuana Moment is a wire *service* assembled by Tom Angell, a marijuana legalization activist and journalist covering marijuana reform nationwide. The views ..."
Elizabeth Warren gun plan: 2020 Democratic candidate releases plan to tackle gun violence on heels of deadly mass shootings,Warren released the plan shortly before joining the majority of other Democratic candidates at the Iowa Gun Sense forum in Des Moines.
Entrepreneurs of color are getting passed over by investors. Elizabeth Warren wants to fix that,I am one of countless qualified tech founders who have been passed over for funding because I didn't look the part. Only 3% of Silicon Valley venture funding ...
Natives Are Split Over Rep. Deb Haaland's Endorsement of Elizabeth Warren,The Native American congresswoman endorsed Warren despite her “Cherokee” controversy.
Fact check: Would Elizabeth Warren's trade plan prevent the US from signing a trade agreement with Germany?,Democratic presidential candidate John Delaney said on CNN Tuesday that Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign trade plan (laid out ...

Elizabeth Warren: Where She Stands,"See Elizabeth Warren's position on immigration, healthcare, gun control and more election 2020 issues."
Elizabeth Warren's long path from Oklahoma to Harvard,"On the campaign trail, Elizabeth Warren rarely mentions her two-plus decades teaching at Harvard, preferring to dwell on her humble roots in rural Oklahoma."
Does Elizabeth Warren Have a Critical Vulnerability?,"She has struggled with white, working-class voters like those important to winning Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin."
Elizabeth Warren’s Fans Aren’t Naive About Her Plans,"At a New York City rally, supporters of the senator from Massachusetts expressed a deep skepticism that her agenda is truly achievable."
How Elizabeth Warren Raised Big Money Before She Denounced Big Money,"Ms. Warren wooed wealthy donors for years, stockpiling money from fund-raisers, and has used $10.4 million from her 2018 Senate race to underwrite her 2020 ..."
Elizabeth Warren Lost Her Dream Job but Gained a Path to 2020,"She had a plan to take on big banks. In the fight to get it done, she honed the approach to politics that defines her presidential campaign."
Elizabeth Warren is rising everywhere,"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign is, to quote NBA Jam, ""on fire"". The latest Quinnipiac University national poll out today has ..."
"Elizabeth Warren won the summer, but still has a big challenge in front of her",Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign surged over the summer but it faces challenges similar to past candidates who were unable to turn momentum into a ...
The Question Elizabeth Warren Doesn’t Want to Answer,"For the fourth time in three presidential debates, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts in Houston on Thursday faced a variation of the same question from ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Working-Class Problem,This article is part of David Leonhardt's newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday. Boston's North Shore seems as if it should be prime ...
Democratic Opponents Search for Plan Against Elizabeth Warren,"Elizabeth Warren is building a broad coalition of Democratic voters, and her rivals are taking notice. But so far, they are still testing out ways to undercut her ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Crusade Against Corruption,Warren's message of disrupting corporate influence on government has seen her climb steadily in the polls and has earned her the endorsement of the Working ...
"How Electable Is Elizabeth Warren, Anyway?","Elizabeth Warren is not leading the polls (yet), but she is on a trajectory to win the Democratic presidential nomination. She is well-liked by supporters of other ..."
Elizabeth Warren wants to hire an army of nerds to defeat Google’s lobbyists,"On September 27th, 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren put out a new plan expanding on how she would fight political corruption if ..."
Exclusive: Elizabeth Warren's husband has stayed out of the spotlight. Now he's opening up about their 2020 'adventure',"As Elizabeth Warren's candidacy for president caught fire this summer, so did images of her seemingly endless energy: running on to the stage at campaign ..."
Inside Elizabeth Warren's Selfie Strategy,Candidates snapping selfies with voters is not new. But Warren has elevated an old shtick into the centerpiece of her digital strategy.
The question Elizabeth Warren won’t answer,The Democratic candidate for president keeps being asked whether she would raise middle-class taxes to pay for Medicare-for-all and declines to answer.
I like Elizabeth Warren. Too bad she’s a hypocrite.,"Ed Rendell, a Democrat, is the former governor of Pennsylvania. I like Elizabeth Warren. I like her a lot. Too bad she's a hypocrite. I think Warren (D-Mass.) ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Detailed Economic Plan Could Shape 2020 Election,U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren's relentless focus on economic issues is increasingly resonating with key segments of the U.S. electorate as she campaigns for ...
Elizabeth Warren: Trump believed he could break the law,CNN's MJ Lee sits down with Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren to discuss the whistleblower complaint against President Donald Trump over ...
Elizabeth Warren proposes major expansion of Social Security,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Thursday unveiled a proposal to overhaul and expand Social Security, beefing up benefits with a hike in payroll and investment ..."
Elizabeth Warren doesn't have a K-12 plan. Here's what her record tells us.,"Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren wants voters to know she was a teacher. Her stint as a teacher of students with disabilities early in her career, she ..."
Four Lessons We Can All Learn From Elizabeth Warren,"Democratic Presidential nominee and Senator Elizabeth Warren is famous for her response, “I have a plan for that” when citizen's ask questions ranging from ..."
Elizabeth Warren embraces Jay Inslee's climate change platform,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday announced she would adopt Washington Gov. Jay Inslee's 10-year climate plan, while also expanding on his blueprint with a ..."
"Fear not, Elizabeth Warren is electable","In New Hampshire on Saturday, Warren won not just on strength of noise, but on strength of message."
Elizabeth Warren 2020 selfie line: why Warren is winning with selfies,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) takes a lot of selfies. At the Democratic debate on December 19, she made it known, bringing up the subject a handful of times ..."
Hear how Elizabeth Warren met her husband,2020 Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren and her husband Bruce Mann share the story of how they met with CNN's MJ Lee.
A cold call from someone she never met changed Elizabeth Warren's life. It was Harry Reid.,Former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has given Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren a boost at key points in her career. Now she's a leading contender ...
Elizabeth Warren’s latest hurdle to the presidency: Democrats' belief women face tougher fight against Trump,"Elizabeth Warren has solidified her place in the top tier, but a new poll shows some Democrats think a woman faces a tougher battle against Trump."
"Column: What's behind Elizabeth Warren's rise? It's the logic, stupid","When Elizabeth Warren addressed some 20,000 whooping fans in Manhattan on Monday night, she united two categories of voters that have unaccountably ..."
"Elizabeth Warren endorses Jessica Cisneros, Henry Cuellar's challenger","The Democratic presidential candidate backed Jessica Cisneros, the immigration lawyer running to unseat Cuellar."
Elizabeth Warren says impeachment inquiry should focus on Ukraine for now,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren said in an interview with CNN on Friday that Congress' newly launched impeachment inquiry should, for ..."
Working Families Party Endorses Elizabeth Warren. Here’s Why It Matters.,"The progressive group, whose electoral influence has grown since it backed Bernie Sanders four years ago, is now supporting Ms. Warren for the Democratic ..."
‘I Know How to Win’: Elizabeth Warren Campaigns in New Hampshire on Labor Day,"Elizabeth Warren spent Labor Day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire, drawing a crowd of 800 to a backyard in Hampton Falls. Granite State voters are..."
Elizabeth Warren is becoming Trump's greatest threat,"But if Warren and Biden continue along their current trajectory, Trump should fear Warren as much, if not more, than Biden, writes Dean Obeidallah."
"Elizabeth Warren highlights violence against transgender women of color, reads names of those killed this year",Elizabeth Warren named the 18 transgender women of color who have been killed this year at the LGBTQ forum in Iowa.
Cramer: Wall Street executives are saying Elizabeth Warren's 2020 bid has 'got to be stopped',"Leaders in the financial industry are really worried about the possibility of Sen. Elizabeth Warren becoming president, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Tuesday."
Bernie Sanders has a problem. Her name is Elizabeth Warren.,"DES MOINES — Jodi Stanfield enthusiastically supported Bernie Sanders in 2016. Now, she has found a new candidate who excites her: Sen. Elizabeth Warren ..."
"Warren Turns Her Ire to Trump, Stumps on Her Electability","*Fresh* off a debate performance that may have bolstered her standing in the 2020 Democratic race, Senator Elizabeth Warren returned to Massachusetts focused ..."
Can Warren go head-to-head with Trump?,Sen. Elizabeth Warren is emerging as one of the top 3 candidates before the Houston Democratic debate. But can she take it all the way to the White House?
Elizabeth Warren’s plan for her presidency: finish what she started at the CFPB,A detailed look at Warren's successes and failures at the start of the CFPB — and what they tell us about how she might govern. By Emily ...
Elizabeth Warren makes presidential campaign stop in Washington Square Park,Warren recalled a vital piece of local history as she laid out a plan for dismantling corruption in Washington.
Democratic Hopeful Elizabeth Warren Plans San Diego Town Hall on Oct. 3,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a top-tier Democratic candidate for president, announced Tuesday that she'll hold an outdoor Town Hall meeting next week in San Diego ..."
Sen. Warren should honor her promise to not run for president,"Elizabeth Warren should consider including Massachusetts in her national apology tour. After all, she promised the people she represents in the U.S. Senate ..."
Warren gets caught in Senate primary crossfire,"The Massachusetts senator has a history with Rep. Joe Kennedy III, but she's endorsed incumbent Sen. Ed Markey."
Elizabeth Warren Is Thirty Years Too Late,"Both Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are political throwbacks. But whereas Warren wants to fix the policies that went astray in the Clinton era, Sanders ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Campaign Is The New Data-Driven Model,"Initially, it seemed fair to wonder whether Elizabeth Warren's campaign could survive a long, grueling primary. The Warren campaign raised $6 million in the first ..."
Opinion: Trump Is More Mad—and Worried—About Elizabeth Warren than Alabama,"Undernearth all the recent tweets and bluster, President Tump is truly mad, and nervous, about Sen. Elizabeth Warren."
Elizabeth Warren's Big Crowds Don't Happen by Accident,"The crowds of 10000-plus that Elizabeth Warren has attracted lately in places like Seattle, Minneapolis and Manhattan don't happen by accident. They are the ..."
Elizabeth Warren goes after LGBTQ vote with booth at DragCon,Elizabeth Warren campaigned for LGBTQ votes at RuPaul's DragCon with a booth staffed by Shea Couleé and other drag queen favorites.
Elizabeth Warren's date night at the original Ninfa's,Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and her husband grabbed a bite to eat at the original Ninfa's on Navigation Wednesday before the Houston Democratic ...
Elizabeth Warren’s Refreshingly Gloomy Message & The Young People Who Love Her For It,"If you're looking for someone to tell you everything is going great, Elizabeth Warren is not your candidate. On Monday night, the senator painted an appropriately ..."
The woman behind Elizabeth Warren’s blueprint for the presidency,"Francis Perkins, the first woman Cabinet secretary, is a model for how to bring activism to government."
Cramer says he has a soft spot for Elizabeth Warren because she thinks about how to help people,"Those remarks add another layer to this week's back-and-forth between the senator and the ""Mad Money"" host, who on Tuesday reported Wall Street executives ..."
Warren: This is what fossil fuel wants us talking about,Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren says deciding if the government should have a say in which lightbulbs we use isn't the real question at CNN's climate ...
When Elizabeth Warren Agreed With Betsy DeVos,"The most important campaign news of the summer was Elizabeth Warren's surge. Early in the year, her campaign was foundering. She was in fifth place, with a ..."
Column: Trump is ignorant. What's Elizabeth Warren's excuse for her unconstitutional proposals?,"It's exhausting being both a conservative and a critic of President Trump. When I aim my pen at the White House, many of my comrades on the right go nuts."
"Warren, in NYC rally, casts campaign as successor to other women-led movements","NEW YORK — Sen. Elizabeth Warren, in a speech that drew thousands of supporters to a historic site in Lower Manhattan, on Monday made one of her most ..."
"Elizabeth Warren ramps up Texas campaign, pledges to support state Democrats","AUSTIN — As Elizabeth Warren climbs the polls — threatening Joe Biden's lead in the Democratic primary — her campaign is turning its attention to Texas, ..."
2020 presidential election: What’s Elizabeth Warren’s health care plan?,"Elizabeth Warren has been walking a tightrope for months on Medicare-for-all and yet, unlike some of her competitors for the 2020 Democratic presidential ..."
15 Minutes With Elizabeth Warren,"Elizabeth Warren answers your burning questions about the big issues—child care, student debt, etc—before a town hall at the University of Iowa in September."
Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren is coming to Rock Hill,"ROCK HILL, S.C. (Cailyn Derickson//The Rock Hill Herald) - U.S. senator and 2020 presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren is coming to Rock Hill Saturday, her ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren is vague about health care,"SPEAKING TO a crowd of 20,000 from beneath the enormous arch of Washington Square Park in New York City last week, Elizabeth Warren received the ..."
What Elizabeth Warren Can Teach Us About Teaching,"Warren's version of the Socratic method, cold-calling on students in her law courses, is actually deeply progressive."
Elizabeth Warren tells Massachusetts Democrats shell keep fighting,SPRINGFIELD — U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is promising fellow Massachusetts Democrats at their annual state convention that she'll keep fighting for the ...
"Elizabeth Warren resonates in debates because she's smart and real, says longtime GOP pollster","""Warren is gaining more than any other candidate because her base support is more intense than any other candidate,"" Frank Luntz says."
Elizabeth Warren Is More Health-Care Cipher Than Firebrand,A review of her policy position and recent messaging suggests a more nuanced attitude than many market participants fear.
Will voters support Elizabeth Warren’s trade policy? Our research says yes.,Including labor and environmental protections in trade deals boosts popular support for free trade.
Warren: Where Trump is right now is a nightmare,Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren addresses the climate crisis and how she would face President Donald Trump on the debate stage if she wins the ...
What Is The Filibuster? Elizabeth Warren Says In Debate She Wants To End It,The fate of the filibuster — a 60-vote threshold for most legislation in the U.S. Senate — is again an issue of controversy among Democratic presidential ...
Column: Elizabeth Warren just proved she's the best candidate. Get out of her way,Elizabeth Warren is the standout candidate in the Democratic presidential field.
"The rise, and rise, and rise of Elizabeth Warren in New Hampshire","She won a two-minute standing ovation from thousands of party activists Saturday, came out on top in a poll released Sunday, and is seen as the one to beat."
The rise and rise of Elizabeth Warren,"I would never say anything rude about Susan Sarandon, and if I did, I hope 10,000 swords leap from their scabbards to avenge her. But I do wish she would lay ..."
Taxes are the least of Elizabeth Warren's 'Medicare for All' problems,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren has been given more than one opportunity over the past two weeks to clarify her response to a key question ...
Here's why Elizabeth Warren is now calling for Brett Kavanaugh's impeachment,President Donald Trump isn't the only one who Elizabeth Warren thinks should be impeached. The Massachusetts senator suggested that Supreme Court ...
Opinion: Elizabeth Warren is not a progressive,Elizabeth Warren talks a great game when it comes to stopping the ever-growing influence of corporations and big business but she suddenly loses her ...
The Colbert Report on Elizabeth Warren,When will she disclose the tax hikes on average Americans?
Could Warren beat Trump in 2020 race that will no doubt turn nasty?,"*Fresh* off a debate performance that may have bolstered her standing in the 2020 Democratic race, Senator Elizabeth Warren returned to Massachusetts focused ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s ‘selfie lines’ are becoming so well known that people lined up in an airport,"Senator Elizabeth Warren's “selfie lines” are becoming so well-known that they appear to be popping up spontaneously, including at Chicago O'Hare Airport this ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Vows Additional $1 Trillion Investment Toward Transitioning To Clean Energy by 2035,She announced the plan ahead of her slot in CNN's Wednesday climate town hall.
Elizabeth Warren endorses third-party progressive running for Philly City Council,"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the progressive presidential hopeful aiming to push her party to the left, on Monday endorsed a Philadelphia City Council candidate ..."
Elizabeth Warren Is Evolving — You're Forgiven If You Didn't Notice,The transition from expert to leader appears to be underway.
Elizabeth Warren stopped cold by Colbert's question,"Stephen Colbert asks Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) if she ""agrees with President Donald Trump on anything?"""
Elizabeth Warren taps Planned Parenthood official to lead Florida campaign,"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren has hired Planned Parenthood's head of public policy in Florida to lead her presidential campaign in the state. Warren, a Democrat ..."
Elizabeth Warren just issued the most scathing call for impeachment yet - Business Insider,"Following new reports about a whistleblower complaint, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, sent out a series of tweets."
What is Elizabeth Warren’s net worth?,Here's a look at how much Sen. Elizabeth Warren is estimated to be worth.
Elizabeth Warren Wants To Cut The Value Of Your Retirement Account,"So, as it turns out, Elizabeth Warren's Social Security expansion proposal is not the only one of her plans to affect Americans' retirement well-being. But the ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren advocates for wealth tax during Austin rally,"Strong but brief thunderstorms caused some in line for Elizabeth Warren's Austin rally on Tuesday to seek shelter, but the bad weather quickly dissipated and ..."
Everything You Need to Know About Elizabeth Warren's Policies Before the Election,"From climate change to capitalism, we've gathered some of Elizabeth Warren's thoughts on issues affecting everyday Americans."
Elizabeth Warren's selfie with my daughter went viral because pinkie promises mean something,"As a general rule, I try to keep my Twitter feed quite boring. I usually stick to my areas of expertise: law and politics or campaign finance and bureaucracy."
Elizabeth Warren’s Behind-the-Scenes Push to Get More Women in Government,"2020 candidate Elizabeth Warren is working to elect more Democratic women to office via notes, texts and invitations to tea at her D.C. apartment."
Three Ways Elizabeth Warren Would Reinvigorate U.S. Diplomacy,"“We need a foreign policy that is about our security and about leading on our values,"" said Elizabeth Warren during the Democratic debate hosted at Texas ..."
Elizabeth Warren joins picket line outside GM plant in Detroit,Democratic Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren met with th e United Auto Workers union members who are on strike at General Motors in Detroit. Senator.
Elizabeth Warren calls for a dramatic expansion of Social Security benefits,The presidential hopeful's plan makes protecting current benefit levels seem like a modest goal.
Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren got her start at University of Houston,"Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren often refers to a commuter college on the campaign trail. She said the affordable tuition, 50 dollars a semester, offered her ..."
'Billionaires should not exist': Bernie Sanders tries to outdo Elizabeth Warren with tougher wealth tax proposal,Sen. Bernie Sanders unveils a tax on wealth as he aims to cut income inequality and fund his sprawling social programs.
Frederick Douglass photos smashed stereotypes. Could Elizabeth Warren selfies do the same?,Douglass sat for scores of pictures to normalize the idea of black excellence and equality. Warren's thousands of selfies with supporters could do the same for a ...
Column: Studying Elizabeth Warren’s plan to fix Social Security,"Warren's proposal is based on a lot of solid evidence, writes columnist Philip Moeller, but it also seeks to fix larger-scale problems for which there are no easy ..."
"Obama aides called Elizabeth Warren ‘sanctimonious,’ 'narcissist’ - Business Insider",Sen. Elizabeth Warren and former President Barack Obama maintained a tumultuous and often testy relationship over the administration's handling of the last ...
Five things to know about Elizabeth Warren,Elizabeth Warren is a top pick for Democratic voters as Joe Biden's VP pick. Here are five things you should know about the Massachusetts senator.

Elizabeth Warren escalates Facebook ad feud,"A days-long feud between Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Facebook intensified over the weekend as Warren openly accused the company of ""taking money to ..."
Elizabeth Warren has her night in the barrel,"Elizabeth Warren got a taste of the front-runner life during a heated debate on Tuesday in Ohio, as the moderate candidates onstage bombarded her throughout ..."
"Elizabeth Warren faced sexism, shed a husband and found her voice teaching law in Houston","HOUSTON — Elizabeth Warren hadn't set foot on the University of Houston Law Center campus in nearly 15 years, not since she'd left her first full-time teaching ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Days Defending Big Corporations,"As Ms. Warren ascends toward the head of the Democratic presidential pack, her critics have seized upon her bankruptcy work for big corporations to question ..."
Corporate America freaks out over Elizabeth Warren,"Democratic-leaning executives on Wall Street, in Silicon Valley and across the corporate world are watching Elizabeth Warren's rise to frontrunner status in the ..."
Elizabeth Warren ramps up battle with Facebook,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., ramped up her criticism of Facebook this weekend, taking aim at the company's policy on political advertising and for having ..."
Elizabeth Warren defends her story about losing a teaching job because of pregnancy,"Elizabeth Warren, a leading 2020 presidential candidate, defends herself amid new scrutiny about a story about losing her job over pregnancy."
Elizabeth Warren Campaign Fires Staff Member for ‘Inappropriate Behavior’,"Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts fired her national organizing director after “multiple complaints regarding inappropriate behavior,” according to a ..."
"In Shift, Warren Will Forgo Big Money Events if Nominated. At Least Some of Them.",Elizabeth Warren is seeking to find a balance — disavowing fund-raisers with wealthy contributors while promising not to actually disarm in a potential matchup ...
Watch or Listen: 2020 Forum - Democratic Presidential Candidate Elizabeth Warren,"Our New Hampshire Primary 2020 Candidate Forum series continues with U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, before a live audience."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Draws Big Crowd In First Campaign Visit To San Diego,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a leading candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, brought her message of ""big structural change"" to a crowd of about ..."
"As Elizabeth Warren Rises, the G.O.P. Deploys an Old Tactic","Republicans are attacking Ms. Warren over authenticity, a sexist trope in politics, much like they did with Hillary Clinton. Ms. Warren has used those attacks to ..."
Break-in reported at Elizabeth Warren campaign office in New Hampshire,Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign said on Thursday that one of its offices in New Hampshire was broken into during the previous night.
Missing From Elizabeth Warren’s 2020 Surge: Democratic Endorsements,"Despite Ms. Warren's upward momentum in polls and fund-raising, she lacks the support of a single governor, big-city mayor or fellow senator outside ..."
Elizabeth Warren Nets $24.6 Million in Third-Quarter Fund-Raising,"LOS ANGELES — With Senator Elizabeth Warren's announcement on Friday that she raised $24.6 million in the past three months, the fund-raising picture for ..."
Elizabeth Warren Says She Will Release a Plan to Finance ‘Medicare for All’,Ms. Warren had been criticized for sidestepping questions about whether she would raise taxes on the middle class to help finance “Medicare for all.”
Elizabeth Warren pregnancy claim: Democratic presidential candidate stands by her account of being pushed out of her first teaching job,"On the campaign trail, Elizabeth Warren often tells the story of how she was fired from her first teaching job in 1971 because she was pregnant, a pivotal moment ..."
Elizabeth Warren makes campaign hires in Ohio,"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has become the first 2020 Democrat to hire campaign staff in Ohio, a key swing state that some Democratic strategists ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Threat to the Constitution - POLITICO Magazine,"Should Warren become president, she will undertake a historic bout of federal activism unmoored from any serious consideration of constitutional constraints."
Elizabeth Warren releases new K-12 education plan,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren is joining striking teachers on Tuesday in Chicago, where they have been marching daily since last week after hitting a negotiation ..."
President Elizabeth Warren? How To Plan For That,"Elizabeth Warren is steadily consolidating her support as the Democratic frontrunner. With her signature refrain, “I have a plan for that,” she's performed well in ..."
Elizabeth Warren gets taste of what it really means to be a front-runner,"Elizabeth Warren is climbing in the polls as a 2020 front-runner, but many voters still don't think she's the best choice to beat Trump. Why?"
Elizabeth Warren Is Beginning to Win the Electability Argument,Warren is single-handedly shifting the conversation among Democrats about whether a woman can win. New research finds voters are still spooked by the ...
Elizabeth Warren Has Quick Comeback to Gay Marriage Question,"WASHINGTON — The campaign trail can bring fraught encounters for a presidential candidate. At a televised forum on L.G.B.T.Q. issues on Thursday, Senator ..."
Elizabeth Warren is failing the commander in chief test,"If Warren can't explain how her “end the endless wars” concept can credibly address the emergency that's raging right now, she's not ready to be in charge of ..."
A far-right conspiracy theorist tried to smear Elizabeth Warren. Her response shut it down.,"A far-right activist tried to levy bogus and salacious allegations against Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Thursday — but she apparently had a plan for that, too."
Elizabeth Warren says she won't do big dollar fundraisers if she wins the nomination,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she will not solicit wealthy donors and hold high-dollar fundraisers if she wins the Democratic presidential nomination, in a shift from ..."
Black voters decide the SC Democratic primary. Can Warren reach them in time?,"Does US Sen. Elizabeth Warren have a 2020 campaign plan for South Carolina, a state where two-thirds of its Democratic primary electorate is African American ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants to Lose Your Vote,"A decade ago, it was conventional wisdom that the world would soon start running low on oil and that the United States would henceforth be at the mercy of the ..."
2020 candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren uses false ads to lash out at Facebook CEO,"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a 2020 candidate, posted a false ad on Facebook to prove the social media platform values profit over facts, according to ..."
Elizabeth Warren On Plan To Pay For Medicare For All: 'I'll Have It Soon',Update: Elizabeth Warren released her funding plan for Medicare For All on Nov. 1 . You can read that here. Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she.
It’s time to take Elizabeth Warren’s agenda seriously,"The Democratic front-runner is quick to blame “big business.” But many Americans work for large corporations, and the U.S. economy depends on them."
Watch Out for Elizabeth Warren,It is time to take seriously the possibility that Sen. Elizabeth Warren could end up as the Democratic presidential nominee. She has moved into a virtual tie with ...
Elizabeth Warren Aims To Build Appeal In Republican Strongholds,"CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) — Elizabeth Warren was greeted by Republican activists chanting “Stop impeachment!” as she strode toward baggage claim at a ..."
"Elizabeth Warren can win the presidency because she's gotten 'softer' on the rich, billionaire Democratic donor says","""I think she's pivoting,"" says crypto investor Michael Novogratz. Her recent language ""is a lot softer than 'all billionaires cheat,'"" he adds."
The Elizabeth Warren pregnancy smear shows how poisoned the media world is,A conservative publication's report lacked context but gave valuable political ammunition to the right.
Why Elizabeth Warren is getting such good press,"It seems like every day a new story breaks about how Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) is climbing in the polls, releasing a new policy proposal, “winning” a ..."
Elizabeth Warren has a lot of supporters on Wall Street over Trump,"""I'm fully on board with soaking the rich, 100 percent, and if that involves me paying more taxes, let's go."""
What would an Elizabeth Warren presidency mean for the economy and markets?,New York (CNN Business) The possibility that Elizabeth Warren could win the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination — and perhaps even defeat Donald ...
Economists rush to help Sen. Elizabeth Warren solve Medicare-for-all tax puzzle,Internal and external economic policy advisers are trying to help Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) design a way to finance a single-payer Medicare-for-all ...
Elizabeth Warren plans to unleash 'excessive lobbying tax' if she becomes president,"Warren's latest proposal is calling for an ""excessive lobbying tax,"" which would require lobbying shops to pay a tax if they spend over $500000 per year on ..."
Hear Warren's zinger for opponents of marriage equality,Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) is asked how she would defend marriage equality at the CNN Equality Town Hall.
The Business of Fearing Elizabeth Warren,"When Mark Zuckerberg's colorful comments about Elizabeth Warren hit the internet earlier this week, we were granted an uncharacteristically clear look into the ..."
"Elizabeth Warren Supports Medicare For All, But Some Say She'll Compromise","Sen. Elizabeth Warren has built a reputation as the presidential candidate with a plan for almost anything. Plans are her brand, so much so that her campaign ..."
"Julián Castro and Elizabeth Warren may be rivals — but they’re buddies, too","As one candidate's stock has climbed and the other's has dipped, Warren and Castro have continued to share policy ideas — and hugs — on the campaign trail."
These are the taxes Elizabeth Warren has proposed in the 2020 race,"Elizabeth Warren's plans, along with the taxes that will finance them, look to reshape and restructure wealth in America."
Elizabeth Warren Is Making All the Right Enemies,"WASHINGTON — In his October 1936 address at Madison Square Garden to announce the Second New Deal, President Franklin Roosevelt took aim at the ..."
How Elizabeth Warren could 'vaporize' America's oil boom,New York (CNN Business) Elizabeth Warren doesn't just pose a threat to Wall Street. Her rising 2020 polling numbers are also striking fear in the heart of Big Oil.
Elizabeth Warren unveils $800 billion plan to reshape U.S. public education,Senator Elizabeth Warren unveiled an $800 billion plan to fund her progressive proposal for reshaping U.S. public education and disclosed that her signature ...
Analysis | The Technology 202: Elizabeth Warren just made her battle against Facebook more personal,Sen. Elizabeth Warren singled out Facebook policy chief Joel Kaplan as she launched a plan to “slam shut the revolving door” between Washington and large ...
"Senator Elizabeth Warren Says ‘It’s Time To Break Up Amazon, Google And Facebook’— And Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Fights Back","Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of the Democratic front runners for the presidency of the United States, has thrown down the gauntlet and promised to break up ..."
'Too much power': it's Warren v Facebook in a key 2020 battle,The presidential hopeful and Mark Zuckerberg are facing off over big tech and its influence over our lives.
Why Elizabeth Warren will fail to shine in her moment on the trail | TheHill,The crowded field of candidates is suddenly being cleared for her by a combination of baggage and fate.
Unbelievable: Failed smears only make Elizabeth Warren stronger as new Dem front-runner | Will Bunch,"A right-wing ""pregnancy scare"" revealed how Elizabeth Warren rides the #BelieveWomen zeitgeist to top of 2020 Democratic pack."
Elizabeth Warren’s many plans would reshape American capitalism,IN 1936 Franklin Delano Roosevelt said of the big businesses lining up against his re-election: “They are unanimous in their hate for me—and I welcome their ...
Hundreds pack UNI gym to see Elizabeth Warren,"CEDAR FALLS — Indicative of her top-tier status, Elizabeth Warren attracted a crowd of more 700 people to a rally at the University of Northern Iowa on Tuesday ..."
Elizabeth Warren is now a 2020 front-runner. But she still needs to win over black voters,"At an annual awards dinner hosted by the Congressional Black Caucus in Washington, DC, last month, Rev. Jesse Jackson watched as a stream of attendees ..."
Elizabeth Warren targets Facebook's ad policy -- with a Facebook ad,A *fresh* series of Facebook ads this week by Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren seeks to put the social media giant on the defensive — by ...
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg sees Elizabeth Warren as a threat and Democratic donors don't back her for president,"The CNBC.com story grabbed the political spotlight in late September. ""Wall Street Democratic donors warn the party: We'll sit out, or back Trump, if you ..."
Elizabeth Warren ramping up outreach to black voters (2019),Democratic candidate Elizabeth Warren is competing directly with Joe Biden for support from black voters. CNN's MJ Lee reports.
Joe Biden Stresses His Part in Elizabeth Warren’s Signature Accomplishment,Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren got into a direct confrontation late in the debate on Tuesday night as the pair of ...
Elizabeth Warren talks about losing teaching job over pregnancy,"Elizabeth Warren hasn't always described this pivotal moment in her career in the same way, a point that has prompted some media outlets to question whether ..."
Elizabeth Warren picks her battles as attacks against her increase,"CHARLESTON, S.C. — Her dismissal from a job 48 years ago had been catapulted into the news by a conservative media outlet, and she herself had just ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Big Challenge: Winning Black Voters,"African-Americans were essential to Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton winning competitive primaries like Ms. Warren faces in 2020. For now, Joe ..."
Billionaire’s Letter to Elizabeth Warren Accuses Her of ‘Warping the Facts’ on the Wealthy,"Leon Cooperman, the billionaire former hedge fund manager, has taken umbrage at Ms. Warren and her platform."
Elizabeth Warren's real 'beef with billionaires',Former Texas congressman Beto O'Rourke said Tuesday during the Democratic debate that Sen. Elizabeth Warren was being “punitive” of the wealthy in her tax ...
"If Elizabeth Warren surges, and economy stutters, she could win the presidency","Is it conceivable that, in just over a year's time, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts could defeat Donald Trump to become America's first woman ..."
Bernie Sanders draws contrast with Elizabeth Warren: She says 'she is a capitalist through her bones. I'm not.',"With Sen. Elizabeth Warren climbing in polls, Sen. Bernie Sanders highlighted a key difference in their core economic philosophies in an interview on ABC's ..."
Billionaire George Soros says Elizabeth Warren 'is the most qualified to be president',"""She has emerged as the clear-cut person to beat,"" Soros tells The New York Times."
Opinion: Why I'm Supporting Elizabeth Warren for President – The Review,"BY DYLAN ROSENTHAL. Let me start this off by saying that any Democratic candidate for president is better than. Donald Trump. All of them are level-headed, ..."
This Elizabeth Warren Impersonator Is So Good It's Freaky,"Molly Erdman plays presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren, and it's comically true to life."
Silicon Valley donors starting to back Elizabeth Warren despite her pledge to break up Big Tech,Sen. Elizabeth Warren could see a major boost from donors in Silicon Valley who are drawn to her Big Tech proposals.
Elizabeth Warren hires Tennessee director,Massachusetts Democrat is the first 2020 contender with boots on the ground in the state.
'Go Cougars!': Elizabeth Warren gave the classiest response to a rightwing troll's lie,2020 candidate used a 21-year-old's false tale as an excuse to argue for affordable education and cancelling student debt.
Warren pledges to turn down money from Big Tech and top Wall Street executives,Sen. Elizabeth Warren pledged Tuesday to turn down contributions from executives at large banks and Big Tech firms over $200.
Elizabeth Warren's Two Approaches to Government,"Warren's plans to disrupt the way government works fit well with public opinion -- her plans to increase its role in solving problems, much less so."
Elizabeth Warren’s lead good news for GOP,"WASHINGTON, D.C. — With three polls showing her in the lead, Sen. Elizabeth Warren may soon eclipse former vice president Joe Biden as the front-runner for ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren to Join Striking Teachers at Chicago Event,"As Chicago teachers remain on the picket line, Senator Elizabeth Warren's campaign says she will travel to the city on Tuesday to join with them as they..."
‘She’s on fire’: Elizabeth Warren on the rise – but has work to do to win black voters,Biden leads among African Americans but Warren has gained ground with ambitious policy plans and hours-long selfie lines.
The Real Story Behind Elizabeth Warren's Viral Pinky Promises with Girls as She Champions 'Big Change' for America,Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been going viral making pinky promises with girls she meets on the 2020 campaign trail — here's why.
How Elizabeth Warren Would Break Up Big Tech,"The Democratic contender sees lasting harm when one company dominates a market, even if consumers pay lower prices."
Pavlich: Elizabeth Warren's fake victimhood | TheHill,"Throughout her entire career, 2020 Democratic presidential candidate and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren told stories about her Cherokee heritage."
The two words powering Elizabeth Warren's rise and energizing campaign rallies,"It has become the two-word rallying cry at Sen. Elizabeth Warren presidential campaign events: ""Two cents! Two cents!"" There are ""two-cents"" T-shirts, buttons ..."
Elizabeth Warren is famous for her many plans to fix the country. But where is her K-12 education plan?,The other major Democratic presidential candidates have one.
Elizabeth Warren Divides the Room,"Gail Collins: Bret, where should we start? Democratic debate? Impeachment? Mideast crisis? Rudy Giuliani? Actually, as a New Yorker I always figured that ..."
Senator Warren talks to hundreds of voters in the Capital City,"Massachusetts Senator, Elizabeth Warren, visited Carson City where she talked to hundreds of voters about what she hopes to accomplish if elected president."
Elizabeth Warren’s Facebook ad proves the social media giant still has a politics problem,"The campaign of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren trolled Facebook on its own turf last week, stoking the debate about how ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has a Poet on Her Team. Here’s Why That’s a Good Idea.,Political rhetoric has gotten dull and empathy fatigue has set in. A more creative communication approach can combat that.
Elizabeth Warren becomes first Democrat to hire Tennessee director for 2020 campaign,Elizabeth Warren has become the first Democratic presidential candidate to hire a Tennessee state director for the 2020 election. Elizabeth Henderson ...
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren visits Norfolk, vows to get 'big money' out of politics","NORFOLK, Va. — Elizabeth Warren, the Democratic presidential candidate, held a townhall in Norfolk Friday at the Chartway Arena on ODU's campus."
Elizabeth Warren made charter school supporters mighty angry. Now they are targeting her.,"(Update: Adding reaction from charter supporters). Elizabeth Warren, the Democratic senator from Massachusetts running for her party's presidential nomination, ..."
Upper Valley town hall with Elizabeth Warren draws over a thousand,Polling shows Warren polling 1st in New Hampshire presidential contest.
The Emerging Anybody-But-Warren Campaign,Preexisting fears about Warren't electability are now being reinforced by warnings from Wall Street and #NeverTrump Republicans that she's too far left for them ...
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, top Democrats continue scrutiny of FDA's pre-certification pilot for digital health",Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass) and two other senators are concerned that the FDA's software pre-certification program could negatively impact public health.
Elizabeth Warren's campaign clarifies she'll raise big-dollar money for the party as nominee,"Elizabeth Warren's pledge sent shockwaves through the political campaign finance world, but a clarification about big-dollar fundraisers sheds some light."
Elizabeth Warren and her husband Bruce described their ‘improbable’ origin story,Everyone knows Bailey. But now the other guy in Sen. Elizabeth Warren's life is stepping into the spotlight. Warren and her husband Bruce Mann recently sat ...
"Warren slams Zuckerberg's speech, saying Facebook's political ad policy could help Trump win again",Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren attacks Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg yet again for his policies on political advertising and fact checking.
Warren takes a jab at Biden while complimenting Obama,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) took a veiled jab at former Vice President Joe Biden after crediting former President Obama for supporting the creation of the ...
"Elizabeth Warren's Zinger Had Everyone Talking | Boston, MA Patch","Warren's One-Liner Has Everyone Talking - Boston, MA - Elizabeth Warren might as well have been performing stand-up when she answered a hypothetical ..."
Elizabeth Warren Proposes a Big New Tax on Lobbyists. But Is It Legal?,Sen. Elizabeth Warren proposed a new tax on lobbying. But law experts say any plan to tax lobbying would almost certainly face legal challenges under the First ...

Elizabeth Warren responds to 'angry' charge: 'I am angry and I own it',"Sen. Elizabeth Warren has a message for those attacking her as angry: Yes, she is."
The Danger of Elizabeth Warren,"Under pressure, Elizabeth Warren has retreated from the idea of immediate implementation of Medicare for All, but she remains committed to the progressive ..."
Elizabeth Warren loses her mojo in Iowa,"Elizabeth Warren's star is starting to dim in Iowa. In a state where fortunes can change on a dime, Pete Buttigieg has seized the momentum in recent weeks as ..."
Is Elizabeth Warren looking for safer ground in health care?,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has been mostly sure-footed in her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. One exception is health care.
Elizabeth Warren's Plan to Win Black Women's Support | Time,Black women are powerful allies and equally powerful adversaries—and no Democratic candidate can win without their support.
Elizabeth Warren’s latest ‘clarification’ shows her real trouble is with the truth | Opinion,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's problem is the perception that she's willing to play fast and loose with the facts in the name of political ...
Elizabeth Warren says she would not raise middle-class taxes for $52 trillion health-care plan,"As she became one of the Democratic presidential front-runners, Elizabeth Warren faced more pressure about funding ""Medicare for All."""
Elizabeth Warren blows up the 'war room',"Elizabeth Warren has been on the receiving end of an onslaught of jabs, swipes, missives, think-pieces and general bashing from opponents this past week, the ..."
Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren delivers speech on black women workers' rights; interrupted by pro-charter school protesters,"Delivering a speech on the rights of black women, presidential hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren laid out her commitment to black voters in Atlanta on Thursday ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has Done the Hard Part. Now Comes the Harder Part.,"All summer, she was soaring, slinging buzzy plans and climbing in the polls. It's not summer anymore."
Elizabeth Warren Hits Back at Billionaires in New Ad for Wealth Tax,The ad is the latest volley in a back-and-forth with billionaires unhappy about her candidacy. Her campaign is embracing the fight.
Elizabeth Warren Is Right,Her rival Bernie Sanders declines to call Nicolás Maduro a dictator.
Elizabeth Warren’s team fires back at ‘Away Game’ criticism,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's camp is pushing back at criticism that she's missing votes on Capitol Hill while traveling all across the country for her presidential ...
How a fight over health care entangled Elizabeth Warren — and reshaped the Democratic presidential race,The senator from Massachusetts has dropped in the polls since trying to extricate herself from a dilemma over her support for Medicare-for-all.
Warren can’t take the heat,“What do we do with this?” That's what a dumbfounded Sen. Elizabeth Warren begged Rep. Ayanna Pressley (D-Mass.) during a speech at Clark Atlanta ...
Elizabeth Warren misses the biggest cost of all,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has been confronted with an avalanche of criticism regarding her Medicare-for-all funding pattern. She should have expected ...
"Progressives, trust your gut: Elizabeth Warren is not one of us",Warren loves to antagonize the super-rich – but her campaign seems suspiciously designed to stave off revolution.
"Elizabeth Warren expands Texas campaign, naming senior staff",The Democratic presidential candidate now has easily the biggest organization devoted to the state of any primary campaign.
Elizabeth Warren pushes her wealth tax plan as a way to unite the country during Democratic primary debate,"Asked about what she would do to unite the country, Elizabeth Warren pointed to her wealth tax plan and other proposals targeting the rich."
Joe Biden sharpens his attacks on Elizabeth Warren,"Joe Biden said Elizabeth Warren has an ""elitist attitude"" in a radio interview. He wrote on Medium that the Massachusetts senator is ""condescending."" He told ..."
Elizabeth Warren losing her electability,"This has been an awful week for the purported new 2020 Democratic presidential front-runner, Sen. Elizabeth Warren. For months, Warren has received nearly ..."
Elizabeth Warren Makes Pitch to Black Women In Speech About Racial Inequities,"In events across Atlanta, Ms. Warren, Bernie Sanders and others described how they would address the concerns and priorities of black voters."
Elizabeth Warren: 2020 Democratic presidential candidate shares her views on current issues,"We asked presidential candidates questions about issues facing the country. Here's what Elizabeth Warren had to say about climate change, gun control, health ..."
Who’s Afraid of Elizabeth Warren?,"President Trump has been good for America's billionaires. He slashed corporate taxes, cut the top income tax rate and raised the total exemption for the estate ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Comments About Billionaires Alienate Some | Here & Now,Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren is touting her proposal for a new tax on ultra-millionaires in a recent ad.
Opponents of Elizabeth Warren spread a doctored photo on Twitter. Her campaign couldn’t stop its spread.,"Homespun disinformation campaigns on social media represent a rising threat, capable of stoking conflict among voters and turning unwitting users into agents ..."
"Elizabeth Warren's systematic, methodical approach to Iowa — and why she's rising in the polls","From the opening song — channeling themes of class, politics and populism — to the selfie lines and the ""2 cents"" chants rippling through crowds, Warren ..."
Hedge Fund-Backed GOP Group Digging Up Dirt on Elizabeth Warren,"In October, documents surfaced that appeared to contradict a key story told by Sen. Elizabeth Warren on the campaign trail. In her telling, Warren's “dream job” ..."
"Wall Street Isn’t That Worried About Elizabeth Warren, But They’re Watching","As Wednesday night's Democratic debate stretched on well beyond bedtime, Wall Street uttered a resounding “meh.”"
"Elizabeth Warren stayed with her plan, and it sent her campaign on an upswing","WASHINGTON — Senator Elizabeth Warren was just days away from officially announcing her presidential bid last winter, and a pack of reporters was doggedly ..."
"Live by the Plan, Die by the Plan","Senator Elizabeth Warren last week released her Medicare for All plan. This complicated proposal is already drawing scrutiny. Attacks have come, predictably, ..."
Elizabeth Warren Seeks to Win Over Black Voters,Elizabeth Warren won endorsement of prominent black faith leaders in Massachusetts when she ran her first political campaign in 2012. Struggling to break ...
How Would Elizabeth Warren Pay for Her Sweeping Policy Plans?,Ms. Warren's agenda would cost more than $30 trillion. She plans to offset much of that cost through new taxes on the richest Americans and on businesses.
Piling on Elizabeth Warren,"Elizabeth Warren, as head of the Congressional Oversight Panel, testifies before the Senate Finance Committee hearing to examine the Troubled Asset Relief ..."
Ayanna Pressley Endorses Elizabeth Warren for President,"Ms. Pressley backed her home state senator, a longtime ally. “We find ourselves in a fight for the soul of our nation, and I know Elizabeth can win it,” she said."
Did Elizabeth Warren Forget She's a Senator?,"The presidential campaign seems to be Warren's priority, despite the fact that she's being paid to represent the residents of Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate."
The Sexism Is Getting Sneakier,Is Elizabeth Warren overly “angry”? The media are just asking questions.
"Bill Gates Objects to Elizabeth Warren’s Wealth Tax, and She Offers to Explain",Senator Elizabeth Warren on Wednesday invited the billionaire Bill Gates to meet so she could allay his worries about her plans to raise taxes on the wealthy ...
"At Latino community forum, Elizabeth Warren says she’s open to suspending deportations",Democratic presidential candidate and senator Elizabeth Warren participated in a forum with national immigration advocacy group Mijente in Raleigh to talk ...
"Opinion: Who are you, and what have you done with Elizabeth Warren?","Elizabeth Warren moved away from careful analysis to rhetoric, biography and boilerplate once she became a politician, this economics professor says."
Elizabeth Warren slams Bloomberg: He's trying to 'buy the nomination',"Elizabeth Warren made a rare direct attack on a Democratic presidential rival Monday, slamming former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg for spending ..."
Elizabeth Warren released a plan to lower the cost of renting a home by 10%—here's how,"On Monday, Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren released a plan that addresses the issues that impact renters. In the plan titled 'Protecting ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren is triggering billionaires,"If you're following Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign, you're watching the most diabolically clever display of populism since Donald Trump ran for ..."
Elizabeth Warren on getting men to vote for a woman: 'How about we give them a tough smart woman to vote for',"Amid personal attacks from Vice President Joe Biden about her policies and her campaign, Sen. Elizabeth Warren was asked by a voter on Monday about how ..."
Opinion: Elizabeth Warren's Medicare for All Blunder,Potomac Watch: Elizabeth Warren is learning that having a plan for “everything” sounds great—unless your signature plan is a political loser. Image: Saul.
Elizabeth Warren Returning To Chicago For Edgewater Town Hall,"EDGEWATER — Sen. Elizabeth Warren will visit Edgewater Saturday, where the Democratic presidential candidate will hold a town hall, according to her ..."
Raleigh crowd cheers Elizabeth Warren’s plans for ‘big structural change’,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren held a campaign rally at Broughton High School in Raleigh, North Carolina, joined by NC Rep Deb Butler ..."
Column: Elizabeth Warren and Donald Trump have more in common than you'd think,"Culturally, Sen. Elizabeth Warren is a lot more like Donald Trump than you might think. Hold on. I know: Going by their personal lives, their demeanors and their ..."
Warren’s rivals have tried for years to brand her as an elitist,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential stump speech starts off the same way. “I was born and raised in Oklahoma,” she says. Advertisement. She checks to see if ..."
Elizabeth Warren Dreams Big in North Carolina,"Democratic presidential candidate Senator Elizabeth Warren reacts during a town hall at Broughton High School in Raleigh, North Carolina, November 7, 2019."
Shifting farther left bad move for Elizabeth Warren,"Democrats, never averse to hand-wringing, have found a new reason for it in a poll showing President Trump beating Sen. Elizabeth Warren in enough ..."
S.E. Cupp: Elizabeth Warren making promises she can’t possibly deliver,"Back in September 2018, as the Massachusetts junior senator was still mulling a 2020 bid, a new poll out of her home state sent shock waves through political ..."
The original Elizabeth Warren impersonator tells all—and she has a plan for 2020,One of the hottest videos on Twitter a few weeks ago was what appeared to be Massachusetts senator and Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren ...
Wall Street is no fan of Elizabeth Warren,Bankers and money managers are grumbling that a President Elizabeth Warren would be bad for business. Her wealth tax is misguided. She doesn't ...
"As Warren Gains in Race, Wall Street Sounds the Alarm","With a populist message that promises to rein in corporate excess, Ms. Warren has been facing more hostility from the finance industry than any other candidate."
Inside Warren's secret big-donor fan club,Elizabeth Warren prohibits special access for big donors — but her campaign treasurer and another close ally are organizing wealthy supporters for Warren ...
Elizabeth Warren’s 2020 away game has her missing key Senate votes,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been missing in action for nearly half of all roll call votes this year in Washington while she's been crisscrossing the country for ...
Elizabeth Warren is nothing like Donald Trump,"The argument that Elizabeth Warren is like Trump because she makes bold promises ignores her background in law, government and advocacy."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren leverages attacks from millionaires and billionaires,"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is continuing to take aim at the ultra rich class, launching a scathing new ad aired on CNBC Thursday denouncing corrupt ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants to Revoke Medals of Honor for Wounded Knee Massacre,WASHINGTON — Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts on Wednesday introduced legislation to revoke Medals of Honor from 20 United States soldiers ...
The risk of Elizabeth Warren’s multitude of plans,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has leaned into being the candidate with dozens of informed, in-depth policy proposals, all readily available on her website."
Elizabeth Warren touts ambitious agenda in first North Carolina campaign stops,"Democrat Elizabeth Warren touted an ambitious progressive agenda in her first campaign appearances Thursday in North Carolina, a key battleground in next ..."
Pete Buttigieg has his sights set on Elizabeth Warren in Iowa,"Decorah, Iowa (CNN) In the first few minutes of his bus tour that began Saturday, Pete Buttigieg said he misspoke. He hadn't meant to say that the 2020 ..."
Michael Bloomberg is a rare Democratic primary candidate. He’s one Elizabeth Warren is willing to attack.,Sen. Elizabeth Warren has largely refrained from attacking — or even responding to attacks from — her opponents in the Democratic presidential primary race.
'I won't cozy up to Facebook': Warren calls out Zuckerberg for Trump dinner amid antitrust scrutiny,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren calls out Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg for going on a “charm offensive” with Republicans, including ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren’s Foreign Policy Worries America’s Allies,"Finding savings in the defense budget is possible, of course, but getting to 11 percent will require real cuts to capabilities."
Iowa Poll: Support declines for Elizabeth Warren; most likely caucusgoers shy away from ‘big changes’,"'Big, structural change' — the crux of Elizabeth Warren's campaign — could explain part of her slide in the Iowa Poll. Most caucusgoers shy away from the ..."
Elizabeth Warren AWOL from Senate,How long has it been since the fake Indian represented her adopted state of Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate?
Warren gains with black voters,"Since '92, no Democrat has won the party's presidential nomination without a majority of the black vote."
"Ady Barkan, activist with ALS, endorses Elizabeth Warren for president","Atlanta (CNN) The activist Ady Barkan announced on Wednesday that he is endorsing Elizabeth Warren for president, a strong sign of progressive support for ..."
"Jamie Dimon on Elizabeth Warren: 'She uses some pretty harsh words, some would say vilifies successful people'",Warren has been chiding billionaires critical of her proposal to raise taxes on the ultra rich to help defray the costs of her ambitious plans to reduce inequality in ...
"Warren would expand the IRS to help catch 'tax cheats,' she told the Register's editorial board Tuesday","U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she would expand the Internal Revenue *Service* to help catch ""tax cheats"" who try to avoid paying all that's owed under her ..."
Elizabeth Warren Is Latest Democrat to File for NH Primary,Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren on Wednesday submitted the paperwork needed to enroll her name in New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation ...
Joe Biden’s campaign slams Elizabeth Warren’s plan to fund Medicare for All,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign is slamming rival Elizabeth Warren's plan to pay for ""Medicare for All"" -- accusing the Massachusetts senator of misleading ..."
The Woman Behind Elizabeth Warren's Rise - OZY | A Modern Media Company,"Because she's at the forefront of a rising tide of women of color guiding Democratic presidential campaigns. By Nick Fouriezos. November 7, 2019. Who Cares: ..."
Military Times questionnaire: Sen. Elizabeth Warren,Sen. Elizabeth Warren gives her responses to the Military Times questionnaire of Democratic presidential candidates.
Elizabeth Warren Says Gordon Sondland Bought His Way to Ambassadorship,"It was a moment Senator Elizabeth Warren was prepared for on the debate stage, capitalizing on a day of bombshell testimony by the United States ambassador ..."
'I own it': Warren embraces her anger -- and the politics of the moment,"On Friday, Elizabeth Warren embraced the ethos of the moment: anger."
"Exclusive: This billionaire says Elizabeth Warren is a 'superficial, nasty hater'","Hedge fund billionaire Leon Cooperman escalated his fight with Elizabeth Warren on Friday by calling the Democratic presidential candidate a ""superficial, ..."
Elizabeth Warren took down an Obama nominee. Was it for nothing?,"In 2014, two years after she was first elected to the Senate, Elizabeth Warren took on President Obama in an unlikely fight that cemented her status as a leader ..."
How a spat with Elizabeth Warren brought a billionaire to tears,Sen. Elizabeth Warren's criticism of the economic system has evidently hit a nerve — at least when it comes to one particular billionaire. During an interview ...
Elizabeth Warren Salutes Vets in New Policy Pitch,"(CN) – Ahead of the Veterans Day holiday, Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren released a new plan to take care of U.S. servicemembers."
Elizabeth Warren and 'the People's Electric Law School.' How Rutgers and Penn shaped a 2020 contender,"Before Elizabeth Warren became a Democrat, the young mother entered a liberal cauldron at Rutgers Law School, where students strived for big, systemic ..."
Elizabeth Warren Comes to Taylor Swift’s Defense,"Senator and presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren came to the defense of songstress Taylor Swift, who is engaged in a bitter battle with her former record ..."
Elizabeth Warren slams Twitter for a policy that bans ads from groups fighting climate change,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, whose ramping up her presidential campaign, took shots at Twitter's new ad policy that bans political ads."
"Elizabeth Warren ties guns, Trump and domestic terrorism together in her plan to fight white nationalism","Sen. Elizabeth Warren, one of the leading Democratic presidential candidates, ties together guns, President Donald Trump's rhetoric and domestic terrorism in a ..."
Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren campaigns in Raleigh,"Watch video from Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's campaign rally at Raleigh, N.C.'s Broughton High School Thursday night, Nov. 7, 2019."
Elizabeth Warren has a plan: Here's what it would cost,"Two years ago, the House rejected a budget blueprint drafted by the Congressional Progressive Caucus that envisioned raising taxes by $9 trillion over a ..."
Democratic billionaire Marc Lasry says stock market would fall 20%-30% if Warren wins presidency,Lasry is the latest major Wall Street investor to warn about the damage the stock market could sustain in the event of a Sen. Elizabeth Warren victory.
Elizabeth Warren has a point. Biden’s insults might fit better in a GOP primary.,He's focusing less on policy than on tagging her as “elitist” — the same way a Republican would.
Elizabeth Warren plays the ‘sexism’ card,Every candidate who campaigns for the White House comes in for a measure of trash talk and sharp elbows. It doesn't become sexism just because a candidate ...
"Elizabeth Warren's fracking ban pledge shows a 'total lack of understanding,' oil guru Yergin says",Elizabeth Warren has pledged to put a “total moratorium on all new fossil fuel leases for drilling offshore and on public lands” and “ban fracking everywhere” on ...
Elizabeth Warren Slams Goldman Over Apple Card Bias Furor,"Presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren blasted Goldman Sachs's response to claims of bias against women applying for the Apple Card, as complaints ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants to Run Against Lloyd Blankfein,"Presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.) speaks to union members in Concord, New Hampshire on Wednesday. Photo: joseph ..."
Elizabeth Warren housing plan updated to focus on renters,"Elizabeth Warren already had one of the most comprehensive and ambitious housing plans of all the Democratic candidates for president, but that hasn't ..."
"In battle with Warren, it’s all about chicken","The private equity industry, under attack from Sen. Elizabeth Warren, is defending itself with the Popeyes chicken sandwich. The industry is touting the fast food ..."
Warren Presidential Campaign Opens First California Office in Oakland,The first California campaign office for presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren opened this weekend in Oakland.
Elevator Pitch: Elizabeth Warren on Why She Should Be President,"Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren was interviewed on The Exchange Candidate Forum this week. Ahead of the hour-long interview, the."
Elizabeth Warren reveals Medicare for All financial plan,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) has released the financial plan behind her Medicare For All campaign promise.
Wall Street donors are so worried about Elizabeth Warren that they are snubbing Democrats in 2020 Senate races,Some finance executives have recently told Chuck Schumer that they are holding back from donating to Democrats running for Senate in 2020 due to their ...

The Story Elizabeth Warren Isn’t Telling,The progressive senator doesn't talk about her Republican past. Should she?
Elizabeth Warren campaign lays out strategy for primaries and beyond,Elizabeth Warren campaign manager Roger Lau sent out a memor detailing the campaign's strategy for the 2020 election going forward.
Elizabeth Warren Confronts the Skeptics Who Fear Her Plans Go Too Far,"In the early fall, Ms. Warren seemed to be the Democratic candidate to beat in Iowa. But many voters have had second thoughts over how her sweeping agenda ..."
Elizabeth Warren 'felt like a failure' because she wasn't 'cut out' to be a stay-at-home mom,"""As a young woman I wanted what I'd been taught to want, and I tried really hard to succeed at that,"" Sen. Elizabeth Warren told Vogue. ""I just wasn't cut out to ..."
Why People Keep Asking Elizabeth Warren Whether She Can Win,"At a campaign event in southeastern Iowa in December, a graduate student named Charlotte Moser was waiting to ask Sen. Elizabeth Warren a question."
What an Elizabeth Warren Presidency Would Look Like,"This is one of two cover stories of our dual-sided January issue. For a complementary perspective, read the alternate cover feature, ”What a Bernie Sanders ..."
Column: Why Elizabeth Warren is not so electable,Elizabeth Warren would likely follow the losing tradition of other Massachusetts candidates.
Why hasn’t the left canceled Elizabeth Warren yet? | Opinion,Sen. Elizabeth Warren made news again this week with a pattern that has become something of a trademark: an unverifiable story carefully calibrated to portray ...
"Here's What Elizabeth Warren Is Saying in Iowa, and Why","Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and President Trump are radically different politicians, but her closing message before the Iowa caucuses may be ..."
Elizabeth Warren Is the Democrats’ Unity Candidate,Her nomination would offer the best hope of bringing together the party's warring factions.
Elizabeth Warren Says Trailing in Fundraising Does Not Concern Her,"Ask Elizabeth Warren if she is the best candidate to beat Donald Trump, and her response is immediate: ""Yes, I am,"" she said. ""I know how to fight and I know ..."
How Elizabeth Warren Is Being Squeezed by 2 Democratic Factions,"Ms. Warren is figuring out what candidates like Beto O'Rourke, Kamala Harris and Kirsten Gillibrand have already learned: It's hard to appeal to both the center ..."
"Can Elizabeth Warren’s Selfie-Taking, Plan-For-That Campaign Win Her the Nomination?","From single-digit polling to top-tier status, Senator Elizabeth Warren has defied the odds with her presidential campaign. Can she go all the way?"
President Elizabeth Warren: Here’s what it would mean for California,Sen. Elizabeth Warren is proposing dozens of policy plans in her presidential campaign that revolve around a premise: The rich and powerful have rigged a ...
Elizabeth Warren was asked what she’d be ‘likely to fail at.’ The question knocked her off-script.,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren's interview with The New York Times editorial board was published Tuesday. And as the newspaper noted, the Massachusetts senator ..."
Elizabeth Warren's surprising closing argument,"Elizabeth Warren is often portrayed in media as a figure of the left wing, locked in a battle with Bernie Sanders for the progressive base of the party. In fact ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Final Pitch in Iowa,"With less than a week to go before caucus night, Warren is not so much campaigning as counselling, making the case to the state's moderates that she's a better ..."
Warren Offers Infectious-Disease Plan Amid Coronavirus Outbreak,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren has announced a plan to prevent, contain and treat infectious diseases as a new viral illness spreads in ..."
Where Does Elizabeth Warren Actually Stand in the Race?,"She still draws impressive crowds, but the senator's Brooklyn rally showed a candidate approaching a crossroads."
Elizabeth Warren goes all in on electability in the final sprint to Iowa,"Muscatine, Iowa (CNN) Elizabeth Warren ended her town hall at a middle school gymnasium in Muscatine, Iowa, Saturday evening with a new closing message: ..."
"Elizabeth Warren Wants You to Ditch That Guy, Get a Dog, and Vote to Tax the Wealthy","If you've read any news about 2020 Democratic presidential candidate and current United States senator Elizabeth Warren over the past year, you'd know one ..."
"Elizabeth Warren: The Disruptor as Pragmatist On debate stages and in selfie lines, Elizabeth Warren has been offering herself to voters as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's ideological heir.","On debate stages and in selfie lines, Elizabeth Warren has been offering herself to voters as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's ideological heir."
What happened to Elizabeth Warren?,"Three months ago this week, Senator Elizabeth Warren looked like the 2020 frontrunner so many Democrats dreamed she could be. After months of languishing ..."
Elizabeth Warren proposes criminal penalties for spreading voting disinformation online,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren on Wednesday released a plan to fight disinformation to hold tech companies accountable for their actions ...
Their gender didn’t help other female presidential candidates. Will Elizabeth Warren’s help her?,"The sole woman among the top candidates is emphasizing her gender, hoping to appeal to female voters who helped power Democratic victories in 2018."
Elizabeth Warren Seeks Spark in Final Sprint to Iowa,Elizabeth Warren is fighting to regain momentum in the turbulent fight for the Democratic presidential nomination amid lingering questions about her...
Elizabeth Warren campaign hires new staff in Utah,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's campaign is ramping up its Utah operation with new staff hires. The campaign said in a statement to the ...
The Republican Case for Elizabeth Warren,"A cardinal rule of politics is don't let your opponents define you. This has been a particular challenge for Sen. Elizabeth Warren, whose critics continue to insist ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Bankruptcy Plan Revives Old Clash With Biden,"Senator Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday announced a plan to roll back provisions in a 2005 bankruptcy law, reviving a debate she had 15 years ago with Joseph ..."
‘You’re a Fraud!’: Tense Moment at Elizabeth Warren Event as Protester Screams at Candidate,A routine New Hampshire campaign stop turned tense for Elizabeth Warren on Friday when a protester stood up in the middle of her town hall event and began.
Is there a 'Warren Doctrine'? These are the foreign policy veterans who are quietly advising her campaign,"Moments after news broke that Iran had fired missiles at US forces in Iraq Tuesday night, Elizabeth Warren took the stage in Brooklyn for her first joint campaign ..."
Elizabeth Warren Isn’t Talking Much About ‘Medicare for All’ Anymore,"There are signs her campaign is seeking to calm fears about her health care proposal, including having small meetings with rural Iowa voters to explain her ..."
It Matters That Elizabeth Warren Is a Woman. Why Do So Many on the Left Insist That It Doesn't?,It matters that Elizabeth Warren is a woman running in the 2020 Democratic primary. Why are so many on the left pretending that it doesn't?
Elizabeth Warren released a plan to combat disinformation. Then it fell victim to disinformation.,"With the first elections in the Democratic primary race closing in, Sen. Elizabeth Warren released a plan this week to combat digital disinformation. “Anyone who ..."
The Atlantic Politics Daily: Elizabeth Warren Doesn’t Talk About Her Republican Past,"Should she? Plus: What the other, other Rhodes-Scholar Mayor thinks now of his decision not to get into the 2020 presidential race."
Elizabeth Warren releases plan to prevent and contain infectious diseases amid coronavirus outbreak,Democratic presidential contender Elizabeth Warren's plan came as authorities across the globe race to address the new coronavirus.
What happened to Elizabeth Warren's Big Mo? - News from southeastern Connecticut,There has been a growing list of statements that suggest that suggest Warren is willing to say whatever it takes to get elected.
Elizabeth Warren Opens a New Front in Disability Policy,"As they craft their disability rights plans, the 2020 candidates are consulting the people they would affect. “This is how policy should be made,” one advocate ..."
Candidate profile: Elizabeth Warren,"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, 70, of Massachusetts, is credited with the idea to create the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which opened its doors in 2011."
Elizabeth Warren wants to create a Justice Department task force to investigate Trump administration corruption,Elizabeth Warren said she would create an independent DOJ task force to investigate corruption by government officials during the Trump administration.
Elizabeth Warren’s new video introduces three fresh faces: Her brothers.,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren often mentions her three older brothers on the campaign trail. “One is a Democrat,” she'll say. “Do the math.” However, despite their ..."
Warren debuts new ads in late 'electability' push,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign has begun to air two new ads on television and online, using the run-up to Monday's Iowa caucuses to make a ..."
"Elizabeth Warren talks education, climate change and economy","Surrounded by about 410 attendees, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) addressed potential voters 22 days before the Iowa caucuses in the gymnasium of Fisher ..."
Elizabeth Warren works the phones to snatch up final Iowa endorsements while she's stuck in DC,"Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) Elizabeth Warren has been busy trying to snatch up last-minute endorsements in Iowa with the caucuses just around the corner."
Elizabeth Warren begins building out Georgia ground game with senior hires,The campaign is hoping to build out its ground game in a state where Sen. Warren has lagged in the polls.
Elizabeth Warren's Little-Known History in an Obscure but Influential Legal Organization,"Warren fought her legal colleagues within the American Law Institute over bankruptcy in the 1990s, the same time the issue was heating up in Congress."
New Elizabeth Warren video highlights conservative supporters: Her brothers,"As Senator Elizabeth Warren makes a closing argument about her electability in the final days before the Iowa caucuses, she is turning again to a fixture of her ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Iowa Pivot: From Her Plans to Her Plan to Win,"In the final days before the caucuses, Ms. Warren is taking on the electability question in ads, on the stump and on her campaign bus, urging voters to embrace ..."
Elizabeth Warren is gearing up for the 2020 Pennsylvania primary with a new Philly field office,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign opened its first Pennsylvania field office Thursday, far earlier than most of her rivals and a sign she sees the 153 ..."
Candidate One-on-One: Elizabeth Warren,"DUBUQUE, Iowa (KCRG) - KCRG-TV9's Mary Green sat down with Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren before a town hall in Dubuque on Jan. 4 for an ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren Feels ‘Very Uneasy’ Online,This article is part of a limited-run newsletter. You can sign up here. A few hours after our editorial board endorsement process interview with Senator Elizabeth ...
Iran crisis tests Senator Elizabeth Warren’s foreign policy vision,"During her campaign, Senator Elizabeth Warren has focused less on international affairs than the populist domestic agenda that brought her into politics, and ..."
What it's like organizing for Elizabeth Warren in rural Iowa,"Anna Navin has spent the last year trying to convince voters in Iowa's most rural counties to vote for Elizabeth Warren. With less than a month to go, she's ..."
Private Documents Reveal What Wall Street Really Thinks About Elizabeth Warren,A big bank is warning its clients to expect serious pain.
Is Elizabeth Warren losing momentum ahead of Iowa caucuses?,Elizabeth Warren is fighting to regain momentum in the turbulent fight for the Democratic presidential nomination amid lingering questions about her authenticity ...
Why Elizabeth Warren's question on John Roberts may have backfired,"Washington (CNN) In announcing that she would vote against the Senate calling witnesses, Sen. Lisa Murkowski suggested that her decision was made in part ..."
Warren’s Attempt to Turn Her Greatest Weakness Into a Strength,"In recent months, the Democratic presidential candidate Senator Elizabeth Warren has come under fire because of the high cost of her proposed Medicare for All ..."
We Can End Our Endless Wars,America should end its military involvement in conflicts in the Middle East and bring our troops home.
Elizabeth Warren’s Gas Royalties,She talks as if oil stains everything it touches. What about her family's Oklahoma gas rights?
On The Road With Elizabeth Warren In Iowa,"As the caucuses approach, we spent a day with Sen. Elizabeth Warren in Iowa."
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan to Help People with Disabilities,"With a new plan, Sen. Elizabeth Warren says, 'as President, I will work in partnership with the disability community to combat ableism.'"
What Elizabeth Warren's statements on Qasem Soleimani really tell us,"On Thursday, when news of the killing of Iranian commander Qasem Soleimani broke, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren took to Twitter to offer a response."
"Don’t worry about what Elizabeth Warren does, dermatologists say. You should wash your face.",Experts believe the Democratic candidate's youthful complexion is due more to genetics than her skin-care routine.
Elizabeth Warren Thinks That You're Stupid [OPINION],Elizabeth Warren thinks that you're stupid. She expects you believe all of the myriad ham-fisted falsehoods that she's offered throughout her life as a public ...
Elizabeth Warren: I’ll Forgive Student Loans On Day 1 As President,Elizabeth Warren wants to cancel your student loan debt. Here's her plan.
Elizabeth Warren's campaign says it raised $21.2 million in Q4,"It's a disappointing haul for the Massachusetts senator, who raised $24.6 million last quarter."
Elizabeth Warren: We can clean up corruption in Washington. We just have to fight to do it.,"Universal child care, and free college, and Medicare for All — all of it can be all done, improving lives for millions of Americans."
Why Elizabeth Warren came around on Trump’s trade deal,Sen. Elizabeth Warren used to be a vocal critic of President Donald Trump's efforts to replace the North American Free Trade Agreement. As recently as this past ...
Elizabeth Warren names new Texas endorsements,"The senator's backers now include three state representatives, several Texas city council members and local political organizers."
Elizabeth Warren Woos Women to Turn Around Her Campaign,"Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren, who has seen her national lead dwindle on the eve of the Iowa caucuses, is turning back to a bloc of voters ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has Harsh Words For Senate Republicans,"Warren Has Harsh Words For Senate Republicans - Boston, MA - Warren sent out a series of tweets after the Senate voted to not allow witnesses at President ..."
Endorsement: Elizabeth Warren will push an unequal America in the right direction,America's middle class is hurting. She brings the passion and expertise needed at this moment.
Elizabeth Warren Says Killing Of Iran General Part Of ‘Escalating’ Attacks From Trump,BOSTON (CBS) – Former public school teacher turned big-time law professor Elizabeth Warren is an academic at heart. So when the Massachusetts ...
"Elizabeth Warren brings boundless energy, I can fix it attitude to presidential race","MOUNT VERNON, Iowa — On a warm weekend afternoon, there was an expectant buzz among the hundreds of Iowans — ranging from the curious to the ..."
Can Elizabeth Warren's Ground Game Lift Her to Victory in Iowa?,"""Elizabeth Warren has the best ground game in the state right now. She's been building that up for a year."""
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren Opens a Portland Campaign Office, and It's Swiftly Vandalized","On Jan. 12, U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) opened a campaign office in Northeast Portland. By this morning, its front window had been smashed in."
Elizabeth Warren never washes her face. Here's her skincare secret and the routines of other 2020 Democratic presidential candidates,"Elizabeth Warren shocked the internet Thursday when it was revealed that she does not wash her face — well, at least not in the conventional way."
Elizabeth Warren Calls US Killing Of Iranian General ‘Reckless’,WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said Thursday that President Donald Trump has “tossed a stick of dynamite into a ...
When Elizabeth Warren Came to Visit,"Senator Warren's interview with the editorial board, and its subsequent deliberation, today on “The Choice"" podcast."
Elizabeth Warren takes another hit from Massachusetts police chiefs over anti-cop rhetoric,Click here to read more about the Massachusetts police chiefs who are slamming U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren for ignoring their longstanding concerns over her ...
Chabot: Elizabeth Warren’s unfavorable ratings rise among women,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's unfavorable ratings among women in the Granite State have ballooned by 5 points since she accused rival U.S. Sen. Bernie ...
Elizabeth Warren’s Impact On The Economy: Don’t Lose Sleep Over Her,"Elizabeth Warren may not be your dream presidential candidate, but don't lose sleep over the impact she will have on the economy. The gulf between candidate ..."
"Will Elizabeth Warren's Stance against ""Junk Science"" Matter to Voters?","Next week, in the first major contest of the 2020 U.S. presidential campaign, Democratic Party voters in Iowa will pick the candidate they want to face off against ..."
How Bernie Sanders edged out Elizabeth Warren on the left,"Sanders has secured the support of many progressive groups and activists in recent weeks, suggesting he has the upper hand in his clash with Warren to the ..."
Where does Elizabeth Warren stand on the issues?,"As Elizabeth Warren jockeys for position in the polls with other top 2020 contenders, here are some of her positions on the issues that matter most to voters."
Elizabeth Warren has a new demand of big banks: Reveal plans for addressing climate risk,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who is polling among the top contenders in the Democratic field for the 2020 presidential race, is calling on big banks to disclose their ..."
Elizabeth Warren fails her ‘Joe the Plumber’ moment,Remember Joe the Plumber? He was the Ohio working man who confronted Barack Obama to ask about taxes when Obama first ran for president in 2008.
"Elizabeth Warren holds on to 2nd place in Iowa Poll, showing some strengths, weaknesses","U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren has held on to her second place spot in Iowa, with 17% of likely Democratic caucusgoers choosing her as their top candidate."
Elizabeth Warren bet big on Iowa. Will her elaborate organization be enough?,"The Massachusetts Democrat has spent a year building the most intensive Iowa organization in memory. With her poll numbers slipping, Feb. 3 will test whether ..."
Elizabeth Warren seeks a spark in the final sprint to Iowa,"DES MOINES, Iowa – Elizabeth Warren is fighting to regain momentum in the turbulent tussle for the Democratic presidential nomination amid lingering ..."
New York Times editorial board endorses Elizabeth Warren and Amy Klobuchar for Democratic nomination,"The New York Times editorial board on Sunday endorsed Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Amy Klobuchar for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination, ..."
Are Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders undermining the progressive movement by fighting?,Progressives warn that Warren and Sanders might ultimately damage their cause by fighting.
The issue with Warren can be summed up with a single question,Odds are that you have not been following the recent libertarian dust-up over the merits of an Elizabeth Warren presidency. To give a brief recap: The main ...
See Warren's fiery response to Bernie Sanders' denial,"During the CNN/ Des Moines Register Democratic presidential debate, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) denied telling Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) during a private ..."
Alan Dershowitz says Elizabeth Warren 'doesn't understand the law' after she criticizes his presentation,President Donald Trump's attorney Alan Dershowitz on Tuesday shot back at Sen. Elizabeth Warren after the Massachusetts Democrat assailed his presentation ...
Warren's question takes aim at Chief Justice,"Lead impeachment manager Adam Schiff responds after Sen. Elizabeth Warren asks a question that takes aim at Chief Justice John Roberts, who is presiding ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s answer to the ‘electability’ question? Her record of winning elections,"Good morning, Broadsheet readers! The WNBA gets a proposed new contract, Nancy Pelosi starts to move impeachment from the House to the Senate, and ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s ban on tech money seems more symbolic than anything else,Elizabeth Warren made a profound statement this fall when she equated Big Tech with Big Oil and promised to reject money from both. The policy reflected a ...
The Hater’s Guide to Elizabeth Warren - GEN,Drew Magary's fifth installment in GEN's Hater's Guide to the Democratic Candidates. Today's subject: Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Elizabeth Warren Has Made Disability Rights Central to Her Campaign,The candidate's engagement with #CripTheVote is a sign that disability politics has finally gone mainstream.

Elizabeth Warren faces a harsh reality after disappointing finishes,"(CNN) The walls are closing in on Elizabeth Warren. After a devastating fourth place finish in New Hampshire Tuesday night, the Massachusetts Democrat's path ..."
How Elizabeth Warren’s Camp Is Seeking to Regain the Spotlight,"Ms. Warren's campaign and her allies, convinced her message is being ignored, see a path forward — and they say writing her off would be a mistake."
‘We Have to Show We’re Willing to Take the Risk.’ How Elizabeth Warren Plans to Turn Around Her Campaign,"""We have the delegate strategy. Which is how you win a nomination."""
Elizabeth Warren ‘Crushed’ the Debate. But Is It Too Late?,"She laced into Michael Bloomberg in a bid to invigorate her campaign, and then had her biggest 24 hours of fund-raising yet."
What is Elizabeth Warren's endgame?,"Washington (CNN) With Bernie Sanders emerging as the clear favorite to be the Democratic presidential nominee, Elizabeth Warren has trained her fire on ..."
The loneliness of Elizabeth Warren: 'I feel like I'm living in a movie',Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has courted her former rivals as part of her effort to show she can unite the Democratic Party.
Elizabeth Warren’s treacherous recovery strategy,Elizabeth Warren has turned into the unity candidate. It won't work.
Elizabeth Warren’s Last Stand,Can the New England senator win the Democratic nomination if she doesn't win New Hampshire?
"Elizabeth Warren, Criticizing Bloomberg, Sent a Message: She Won’t Be Ignored","I'd like to talk about who we're running against: a billionaire who calls women fat broads and horse-faced lesbians,” Ms. Warren said at Wednesday's debate."
Elizabeth Warren’s Fans Want to Know: Can She Do It Again at Tonight’s Debate?,"It was the woman of a year ago,” one Warren supporter said after her debate performance last week. “She's showing us why we supported her in the beginning.”"
Elizabeth Warren Is Running Her Race. The Real One May Be Passing Her By.,The candidate keeps talking about winning “unwinnable fights.” But the New Hampshire primary was not supposed to be in that category.
Here’s what Elizabeth Warren said after her distant fourth-place finish in New Hampshire,Sen. Elizabeth Warren took the stage at her New Hampshire primary night party in Manchester before even a third of the vote had been counted Tuesday night.
Bernie Sanders Looks to Topple Elizabeth Warren in Her Home State,"SPRINGFIELD, Mass. — Bernie Sanders landed in Elizabeth Warren's home state on Friday night, stood before thousands of screaming fans and asked them to ..."
"With little left to lose, Elizabeth Warren rolls the dice","The Massachusetts senator has started criticizing her rivals, fiercely, and reversed her longtime opposition to help from super PACs as her campaign has ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren Connects With Young Girls in Iowa,"As Warren contests this crucial caucus, the girls of Iowa are watching—and more than a few of them are pitching in to help."
The Case for Elizabeth Warren,She wants to purify capitalism so that it works as it should.
Elizabeth Warren Vows to Unite Party. Some Democrats Doubt She Can.,Elizabeth Warren promised Iowans she could unite her party's liberal and centrist wings in the final days before her better-than-expected finish in the presidential ...
Elizabeth Warren woos Michigan voters with 'big structural change',"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is seeking to revitalize her campaign for the White House, focusing time and money on winning Michigan by being the first ..."
"Elizabeth Warren: Who is she, where does she stand on key issues?",The progressive presidential hopeful holds herself up as an economic reformer working to boost the US middle class.
The One Thing Elizabeth Warren Didn’t Have a Plan For,There was one thing the senator didn't have a plan for. And it killed the delicate coalition she'd built.
Loving Elizabeth Warren means having a plan for when America breaks your heart,"KEENE, N.H. — Within three minutes of getting in line for an Elizabeth Warren rally, I've been handed a business card for a woman-empowerment organization ..."
Elizabeth Warren's Anger Is Risky. It's Also Necessary,"Warren's aggression on the debate stage isn't just a tactic, and it certainly isn't just for show. It's rooted in the belief that power shouldn't be for sale."
The Erasure of Elizabeth Warren Continues,"The media is ignoring that Warren beat Joe Biden, the Democratic front-runner, and outperformed her final polling."
Elizabeth Warren Holds a Precarious Position in Democratic Race,"LAS VEGAS—Elizabeth Warren's position in the race for Democratic delegates failed to improve after the caucuses in Nevada, a blow to the Massachusetts ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has a Movement. You Just Don’t See It Yet.,Nobody knows who won the Iowa caucuses—but Warren's support was powered by the feminist spirit of 2018.
They Saw Themselves in Elizabeth Warren. So What Do They See Now?,"For some professional women, the struggles of Ms. Warren's campaign feel like a reckoning with their standing in the world."
"Elizabeth Warren Bets on Hustle, Grit and Persuasion in New Hampshire and Beyond","The morning after Monday's chaotic and unsatisfying caucuses in Iowa, a sleepless Senator Elizabeth Warren scarfed down a Sausage Egg McMuffin in the car ..."
Elizabeth Warren stays on message as her odds dwindle in New Hampshire,"Lebanon, New Hampshire (CNN) Elizabeth Warren's campaign settled on a message -- and she isn't changing it now, even as her path to the nomination ..."
Elizabeth Warren's liberal outlook and agenda reflect Cambridge hometown,"The rich, brainy city of Cambridge, Mass., reflects Elizabeth Warren's have-a-plan approach as well as inequality issues at the center of her campaign."
Elizabeth Warren campaign to launch five-city Latino tour in Texas,Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's campaign is looking ahead to Texas and launching a five-city tour in the state geared to Latinos starting in ...
2020 presidential race: Who is Elizabeth Warren?,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren is running for president, vowing to take on corporations, banks and, in some cases, the federal government itself."
Warren comes out swinging after South Carolina drubbing,Elizabeth Warren responded to her fourth straight loss Saturday night by taking direct aim at her rivals — including Bernie Sanders. “This crisis demands more ...
Elizabeth Warren's Iowa Comeback Pitch | Time,"Iowa could be make-or-break for Warren, who needs a comeback to re-establish herself as a top candidate. She's campaigning like she knows it."
Climate change? Elizabeth Warren has a ($3 trillion) plan for that.,"Election 2020: The 2020 US presidential election is a critical moment for politics, technology and policy-making. We cover everything from secure voting systems ..."
A Conversation With Elizabeth Warren,"Latino USA continues its coverage of the Democratic field for the presidential nomination. This time, we sit down with the senator from Massachusetts, Elizabeth ..."
John Legend adds star power to Elizabeth Warren's primary push,Elizabeth Warren has been making a last-ditch effort to woo black voters away from former vice-president Joe Biden ahead of the South Carolina primary vote on ...
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Back In Media Spotlight After Nevada Debate Performance,NPR's Mary Louise Kelly asks Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren about surging back into national attention after an energetic ...
Elizabeth Warren’s Tough Road Ahead,"After attending an Elizabeth Warren rally in Indianola the day before the Iowa caucuses, I concluded that she really needed to beat Bernie Sanders in Iowa, but ..."
Warren says she's ready to run until convention even if she's behind in delegates,Elizabeth Warren said Wednesday that she is ready for a convention floor battle this summer if none of the Democratic candidates reaches a delegate majority ...
"After 3rd place finish in Iowa, Warren says she's built her campaign to go the distance","Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who once led in national polls as a top contender for the Democratic presidential nomination, is now trying to break out from the middle of ..."
Elizabeth Warren's 'unity' pitch clashes with her 'fighter' message,"As barbs fly between top contenders, Elizabeth Warren is staking her claim to being a unifying force for a fractured Democratic Party."
"'Her strategy failed her': Warren finally took on Sanders, but it may be too late","LAS VEGAS — Elizabeth Warren's longstanding truce with Bernie Sanders came apart in the days before the Nevada caucuses. But the push came too late, with ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s message is now muddled,"No matter how practiced a politician is, and no matter how ebullient her personality, when things go south in a campaign, a whiff of desperation permeates her ..."
Warren has revived her 2020 campaign and could be the nominee who unites the Democrats,Warren makes a strong case that Bloomberg and Sanders can't 'get it done' but she can. The double-barreled attack may help resurrect her candidacy.
"Elizabeth Warren piles on Bloomberg at Denver rally, but avoids criticism of Sanders",Elizabeth Warren and her supporters in Denver rejected the notion Sunday that she should drop out of the crowded Democratic presidential race as she ...
Why I’m voting for Elizabeth Warren,"Like most who live outside the Trump cult, I would be happy just with a president who is not insane, does not relish cruelty, and is not utterly corrupt. But it would ..."
Elizabeth Warren compared Mike Pence to a dog when a voter asked who her running mate would be - Insider,"2020 presidential hopeful Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who finished third in the Iowa caucuses last week, made a jab at Vice President Mike Pence at a town hall ..."
Warren apologizes to women of color who left her campaign,"Derry, New Hampshire (CNN) Sen. Elizabeth Warren apologized Thursday evening to six women of color who left her Nevada presidential campaign because of ..."
"With Her Campaign On The Brink, Elizabeth Warren Is Suddenly Fighting Back","Warren is attacking Bloomberg, accepting help from a super PAC, and having more fun. But she's running out of time to reignite her campaign."
Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign raised $11 million in January,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren raised $11 million in January for her presidential bid, but spent nearly all the money her campaign had ..."
Elizabeth Warren adds her voice to calls for Line 5's shutdown,Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is joining three other Democratic presidential hopefuls in calling for the shutdown of Line 5 in the Straits of Mackinac.
"‘These times call for a fight,’ Elizabeth Warren tells Seattle crowd","Elizabeth Warren's trip comes as ballots have just gone out to voters for the March 10 Washington primary. The senator made her way to Seattle from Nevada, ..."
Don't call Elizabeth Warren's campaign dead yet,"Win or lose, her anger and her passion have inspired millions, and no Democrat will win the White House without her guidance and her help."
Silicon Valley asked Elizabeth Warren to help with a fundraiser,Elizabeth Warren's team in recent weeks explored ways to raise money from Silicon Valley donors without violating her ironclad fundraising pledge to not “sell ...
Elizabeth Warren Has a Pete Buttigieg Problem,"In Iowa and New Hampshire, it's Mr. Buttigieg — not Bernie Sanders — who has complicated Ms. Warren's path, winning over college-educated white voters ..."
Opinion | The Media Unfair to Warren? Think Again.,"Earlier this month, as Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign was disappearing into a sinkhole, her camp identified the origin of its misfortunes. It was the ..."
Elizabeth Warren stays on message in New Hampshire,"On a dreary afternoon Monday in Portsmouth, N.H., the crowd started lining up outside the South Church two hours before Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Big Strengths,This article is part of David Leonhardt's newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday. Given all the attention on Elizabeth Warren's bravura ...
Can Elizabeth Warren Survive Super Tuesday?,The Massachusetts senator just got a $9 million boost from a Super PAC. Will it be enough—and will it turn off her anti-big-money supporters?
Elizabeth Warren just tore apart a billionaire. Why not Trump?,Warren's strong performance against Bloomberg hints at a way to take on the president.
Warren: Will run until convention even if behind in delegates,"At the CNN Democratic town hall in Charleston, South Carolina, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) said that she is ready for a convention floor battle this summer if ..."
"While everyone piled on Bernie Sanders during the debate, Elizabeth Warren did something different",Elizabeth Warren had a fine line to walk Tuesday night in South Carolina. The Massachusetts senator needed to make an argument for why she would be a ...
Elizabeth Warren Finds That Shaming Is A Terrible Leadership Tactic,"Nothing feels more cathartic than shaming others for not doing the right thing. But for most leaders, no tactic pays worse dividends. Elizabeth Warren just lived ..."
Native Americans urge Elizabeth Warren to address Cherokee heritage claim,More than 200 Cherokees and other Native Americans have signed a letter urging Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren to fully retract her past ...
Medicare-for-all isn’t what’s holding Elizabeth Warren back. Here’s what is.,"In the fall of last year, it looked increasingly as though Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) would go the distance in the Democratic primary. She was in the top tier of ..."
Elizabeth Warren Teaches Democrats How to Talk About Public Education,"That should count for something in the race for the party's presidential nomination—but so close to Super Tuesday, is this coming too late?"
OPINION: Elizabeth Warren is still the fighter we need,"During last week's Las Vegas debate, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., proved that she is still a strong contender. She methodically went after each candidate on ..."
Elizabeth Warren: 5 things to know,Here are five things to know about Warren as the 2020 presidential election cycle is officially underway.
"Warren Says Bloomberg Shouldn’t Be Nominee, Citing Redlining Remarks","Her comments about Michael Bloomberg, who has faced criticism over a statement he made 12 years ago about a discriminatory housing practice, came as she ..."
John Legend to campaign for Elizabeth Warren in South Carolina,"Musician John Legend will campaign for Sen. Elizabeth Warren in South Carolina next week, appearing in at least two events for the Massachusetts Democrat in ..."
Watch Everything Elizabeth Warren Said at the Nevada Democratic Debate,"Here is what Elizabeth Warren talked about at the NBC News/MSNBC Democratic debate in Las Vegas on Feb. 19, 2020."
In Photos: Elizabeth Warren Brings Her Presidential Campaign To Denver,Hart Van Denburg/CPR News Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren brought her campaign for president to Denver to the Fillmore Auditorium on Sunday Feb.
Elizabeth Warren Has Won Black Activists. She’s Losing the Black Vote.,She earned coveted endorsements and released racial justice plans that scholars agree could make a real difference. That hasn't meant much on the ground.
"Elizabeth Warren, Long a Super PAC Critic, Gets Help From One",Supporters of Senator Amy Klobuchar have also formed a super PAC. Both groups are now airing ads in Nevada.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren was in Denver for a campaign rally on Sunday,DENVER — Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts) will continue her campaign for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination with an event in Denver ...
Meet Elizabeth Warren’s presidential delegates from Central New York,"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren has chosen seven Democrats, including elected officials and party activists, to serve as delegates from Central New York for her ..."
Elizabeth Warren says she’s ‘feeling good’ as she campaigns in New Hampshire,The Massachusetts senator arrived in New Hampshire in the wee hours Tuesday morning as officials in Iowa scrambled to make sense of a chaotic and ...
Elizabeth Warren to be in San Antonio Thursday for town hall event with Julián Castro,Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren has announced she will be in San Antonio with former Mayor Julián Castro on Thursday. It will be her first ...
Fervent super PAC opponent Elizabeth Warren getting super PAC help in Nevada,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a fervent opponent of super PACs, is now receiving super PAC support in Nevada."
Warren's Comments on Choosing Next Secretary Cause Stir,Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren caused a stir during a campaign event in Iowa last week when she appeared to say that she'd move ahead ...
Elizabeth Warren - Foreign Policy,"The Times sent a survey to the presidential candidates about matters of war and peace, diplomacy and national security."
"Elizabeth Warren says she doesn’t want a super PAC. Now, she’s getting help from one anyway.","Sen. Elizabeth Warren's grassroots fundraising strategy has been a hallmark of her presidential campaign, and cudgel to use against her rivals. During the more ..."
Warren stands by her favorite beer despite past mockery,Elizabeth Warren stands by her favorite beer but this time less mockery is brewing. CNN's Jeanne Moos reports.
Elizabeth Warren: the one candidate who gets America’s crisis of trust,The biggest problem facing US democracy did not come up at the Democratic debate in Charleston this week. It hasn't really been discussed in the election at all ...
Elizabeth Warren Gets Giant Lift From Persist PAC,A super PAC announced late Thursday that it was buying $9 million in television and digital ads. It will be one of the largest ad buys by a super PAC in the 2020 ...
Elizabeth Warren Built an Unrivaled Ground Game. Here's Why it Failed.,"Oh God it's so sad,” said Sean Bagniewski, the chairman of the Polk County Democrats. “There was a point this fall when all of us thought she basically had it in ..."
"Elizabeth Warren neck-and-neck with Bernie Sanders in her home state of Massachusetts, poll finds","BOSTON — Sen. Elizabeth Warren is in a fight to win her home state of Massachusetts, according to a new poll released Friday that shows her down 1 ..."
Is Elizabeth Warren the Only Politician Who Knows What a Dog Is?,Do politicians know what dogs are and what they do? I always thought politicians generally had a sense of what dogs are and what they do. There have been so ...
“Mean And Angry” Tweet About Elizabeth Warren Sparks Online Debate About Women In Politics,"By Wendy Widom. “Mean and angry Warren is not a good look,” conservative columnist Jennifer Rubin tweeted during last week's presidential primary debate ..."
Elizabeth Warren washout would make for a very Super Tuesday,"Like most people, I've had dreams in my life that I knew wouldn't come true but I've clung to them anyway. Winning the Powerball, becoming a movie star, having ..."
Elizabeth Warren buys full-page ad slamming Sheldon Adelson in his own newspaper day after debate,"A day after the Democratic debate in Las Vegas, Sen. Elizabeth Warren placed a full-page ad in a newspaper owned by billionaire Sheldon Adelson revealing ..."
'Kickass women win': Warren makes case to Iowans why she can beat Trump,"Warren sought to cast herself as uniquely positioned to unite the party in her final appeal to Iowans this weekend. Lauren Gambino in Cedar Rapids, Iowa."
Kathy Sullivan and Ron Abramson: The case for Elizabeth Warren,She's the only candidate who can bring together voters from across the political spectrum.
Elizabeth Warren makes campaign stop in Greenville ahead of primary,"With the South Carolina Democratic Primary on Saturday, many presidential candidates made their way across the state on Friday in a last-ditch effort to gain ..."
Warren on allegations: I believe these women completely,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) apologizes to the six women of color who left her Nevada presidential campaign because of what they called a toxic work ...
"I want to be proud to be an American once again, under President Warren","Elizabeth Warren is human. She's held wrong beliefs. But through studying and listening, she learned differently and changed her mind. How rare is this?"
Elizabeth Warren coming to Detroit on Super Tuesday,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren will vote in her home state of Massachusetts on Tuesday and then travel to Michigan for a Democratic presidential rally in Detroit that ...
Black voters love Ayanna Pressley. But persuading them to back Elizabeth Warren isn’t easy.,"COLUMBIA, S.C. — Debora Lloyd, 64, was sitting with other black women in the basement of The Joint jazz bar listening to Ayanna Pressley make the case for ..."
The Differences Between Warren and Sanders Matter,"Where socialism imagines greater concentrations of power, her vision ultimately points in the direction of a more decentralized, more competitive economy."
Elizabeth Warren debate performance didn't give her a win in Nevada - Business Insider,Sen. Elizabeth Warren underperformed expectations in Saturday's Nevada caucuses despite her well-received debate performance days earlier in Las Vegas.

Elizabeth Warren ends her presidential campaign,Elizabeth Warren dropped out of the presidential race following another round of disappointing finishes in primary contests across the country on Super ...
Elizabeth Warren assessing campaign's future after poor showing on Super Tuesday,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren is assessing her presidential campaign's path forward on Wednesday, one of her aides tells CNN, after a disappointing performance on ..."
What Went Wrong for Elizabeth Warren,"It was the night before Super Tuesday, and Elizabeth Warren was hanging in there. Bernie Sanders had just held a massive Los Angeles rally with…"
What's next for Elizabeth Warren?,"Now that Sen. Elizabeth Warren has left the presidential race, what the Massachusetts Democrat does next isn't entirely clear."
Why Elizabeth Warren thinks she can still win the nomination,"CHARLESTON, S.C. — Elizabeth Warren can win debates, but not states: There's a chance she will walk away from Super Tuesday having not carried any of the ..."
Why Elizabeth Warren Lost,The failure of Warren's campaign merits a nuanced discussion that goes beyond sexism.
Elizabeth Warren Assesses Future Of Her Presidential Bid,"Warren flew back to Massachusetts Wednesday morning to scrum with her team and aides to see what, if any, path remains forward for her presidential bid."
'What More Does a Woman Have to Do?' Elizabeth Warren's Donors Share Their Frustrations With Her Exit,Nearly half a million women contributed to Elizabeth Warren's campaign with the hopes that she would become the first female President.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren talks endorsement as Democratic primary officially becomes two-person race,"After Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard exited the race on Thursday and the Democratic primary officially becomes a two-person race, voters are eagerly waiting to see ..."
Why Massachusetts Voters Turned Their Backs On Elizabeth Warren,"In the end, it seems likely that voters in her home state relied less on gut feelings than on cool calculations. Massachusetts still loves Elizabeth Warren, writes ..."
How the sting of an Elizabeth Warren defeat felt different for young women,Warren's candidacy struck an all-too-familiar note for many as hopes faded for a highly qualified contender: 'What more could she have done?'
The Case For Elizabeth Warren,"Elizabeth Warren doesn't reject incremental improvements while pressing for big structural change, writes Julie Wittes Schlack."
Elizabeth Warren for President open-sources its 2020 campaign tech,"Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren may have ended her 2020 presidential run, but the tech used to drive her campaign will live on. Members of her staff ..."
Here’s what Elizabeth Warren said on a phone call to her campaign staff,Warren told her campaign staff Thursday morning that she would be suspending her campaign. Here's what she said on the phone call.
‘Milwaukee is the final play’: What the Elizabeth Warren campaign is saying headed into Super Tuesday,"Through the first four 2020 presidential primary contests, Sen. Elizabeth Warren has yet to win a state. In fact, she hasn't even come in second. Headed into ..."
Elizabeth Warren pitches herself as new center of Democratic Party,"Elizabeth Warren usually pushes back on the idea of political lanes, but with a narrowing field on the eve of Super Tuesday, she was making the case that she's ..."
What Elizabeth Warren Taught Us – Mother Jones,The Massachusetts senator's legacy will outlive her campaign.
Elizabeth Warren ends presidential campaign,"2020 Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren is ending her campaign, a source familiar with her plans tells CNN."
Elizabeth Warren has no one to blame but herself for losing Massachusetts,Stop for a moment and savor with me the delicious schadenfreude of Sen. Warren's faceplant of a POTUS campaign. However bad you hoped it might be — it ...
Warren team turns grim after Super Tuesday wipeout,"Elizabeth Warren had a plan for winning. It didn't work: In 18 nomination contests, she hasn't finished above third place — including in her home state."
America Punished Elizabeth Warren for Her Competence,"The country still doesn't know what to make of a woman—in politics, and beyond—who refuses to qualify her success."
"It's Time, Senator Warren","""Persisting"" has been Elizabeth Warren's battle cry, writes Eileen McNamara. But her battle for the Democratic nomination is over."
How Elizabeth Warren lost the White House but became the president of U.S. ideas | Will Bunch,"A glass ceiling kept Sen. Elizabeth Warren out of the presidency, but she still won the war of ideas on free college and bailing out the middle class."
Elizabeth Warren’s Ranting Resumes,The fight against the coronavirus is 'favoring' no one.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Ends Presidential Bid,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren suspended her presidential campaign today, leaving essentially a two-man battle for the Democratic nomination between Joe Biden and ..."
Elizabeth Warren: 'Girls will have to wait for woman president',Senator Elizabeth Warren drops out but says she's not ready to endorse a rival in presidential race.
Elizabeth Warren’s Greatest Strength Was Also Her Greatest Weakness,"The first time I saw Elizabeth Warren on the campaign trail, she was greeting voters in a Boston-area café at the start of her attempt to take down an incumbent ..."
Elizabeth Warren voted for the Senate coronavirus relief bill. She says it remains ‘insufficient.’,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren joined her colleagues to pass the Senate coronavirus relief bill, even though she believes it falls short of what's needed to respond to the ..."
It’s Time for Elizabeth Warren to Drop Out,"If Warren wants to protect her reputation as a liberal fighter, she needs to drop out and endorse Bernie Sanders."
"Elizabeth Warren was the ideal candidate, but there was only one problem… she was a woman","In the US, it still seems that a smart, well-qualified hopeful must always lose to an ageing white man."
Elizabeth Warren closes out presidential campaign,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren announced on Thursday that she is dropping out of the 2020 presidential race, causing frustration and uncertainty among many of her ..."
Elizabeth Warren’s Policy Agenda Will Live On,"On Thursday, the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan research group based in Washington, released a new analysis of Joe Biden's tax plans. He wants to roll back ..."
'We fell well short': Warren team considers ending campaign,Elizabeth Warren's campaign manager Roger Lau sent a frank email to staffers this morning saying the campaign missed its goals on Super Tuesday and that ...
Elizabeth Warren ends presidential run,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Elizabeth Warren, who electrified progressives with her “plan for everything” and strong message of economic populism, dropped out of ..."
Elizabeth Warren Is Unlikely to Endorse Bernie Sanders. Here’s Why.,"Senator Elizabeth Warren, whose endorsement became highly coveted in the Democratic presidential race after she dropped out last week, is unlikely to ..."
What Went Wrong And What's Next For Elizabeth Warren,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren has suspended her campaign for president, eneded what was once a promising bid for the White House. Washington Correspondent ..."
Elizabeth Warren Says Her Campaign Is In It For The Long Haul,"Senator Elizabeth Warren on what's at stake for her presidential campaign ahead of Super Tuesday. Plus, former Secretary of State John Kerry talks about why ..."
Elizabeth Warren Ends Democratic Presidential Bid,Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren ended her bid for the U.S. Democratic presidential nomination on Thursday after across-the-board losses in the 14 ...
"Elizabeth Warren gave it her all, but now it’s time to be a spectator","This one's for Liz Warren, though, considering the source, she'll probably regard it with contempt. Fair enough. She was no favorite here, where she'd still be ..."
Woe is Elizabeth Warren’s staff after their candidate bails,Woebegone Elizabeth Warren staffers — heartbroken and adrift after the Cambridge Democrat tearily ended her presidential campaign Thursday following on ...
Elizabeth Warren ends campaign after drawing loyal support from women,Sen. Elizabeth Warren rose to national prominence as voice for consumers and families. She has a knack for understanding when her enemies have gone too ...
"From treasury secretary to AG, Elizabeth Warren could be a fit for these Cabinet positions - Business Insider",Sen. Elizabeth Warren suspended her presidential campaign Thursday after a nightmare scenario on Super Tuesday and rough performances in the early states ...
Elizabeth Warren focused on her core voters. There weren’t enough of them.,"SALT LAKE CITY — On Tuesday evening in the Capitol Hill neighborhood here, before the extent of Elizabeth Warren's very bad night became clear, Hannah ..."
Opinion | The Enthralling Brutality of Elizabeth Warren,"IOWA CITY, Iowa—I come late to things. It was only last April, for instance, that I found out about steak, which had always seemed to me inedibly bland and ..."
The Atlantic Politics Daily: Elizabeth Warren Was Punished for Her Competence,"Some theories from strategists and analysts about what went wrong in Elizabeth Warren's presidential run. Plus: Obama hasn't endorsed, and probably won't ..."
Warren joins Senate's club of failed presidential hopefuls,Elizabeth Warren is now a member of a crowded club that no one wants to join: senators who tried — and failed — to win the presidency. It's always painful to ...
Elizabeth Warren Was the Wrong Kind of Radical,"Remember when Elizabeth Warren was going to save the Democratic Party? Back in 2016, it looked as if she had been engineered in a lab to broker a truce ..."
"Elizabeth Warren isn’t finished. Her ideas won’t go away, and neither will she.","Yes, sexism hurt Warren. But so did her mishandling of the health-care issue."
Keller @ Large: Elizabeth Warren’s Failed Campaign For Change,BOSTON (CBS) – It seems like years – not less than 13 months – since Sen. Elizabeth Warren officially kicked off her presidential campaign with a speech at the ...
Elizabeth Warren’s Final Fight,"Her last speech before Super Tuesday told a story about feminist persistence. The path to persist in the presidential race, though, has narrowed."
"Elizabeth Warren dropped out, but took Mike Bloomberg and Chris Matthews down first","Sen. Elizabeth Warren is dropping out of the presidential race, leaving two white men to duke it out for the Democratic nomination and then take on the white ..."
Why Progressives Chose Bernie Sanders Over Elizabeth Warren,"In 2016, progressives tried to draft Warren into the presidential race, but this time many chose Sanders over her."
Here’s what the pundits and political journalists are saying about Elizabeth Warren’s weak Super Tuesday showing,"As she hunkers down with her advisers in the wake of a disappointing Super Tuesday, it remains to be seen whether Elizabeth Warren will stay in the race for ..."
Elizabeth Warren Drops Presidential Bid,"A senior campaign aide to Elizabeth Warren tells NPR Thursday that the Massachusetts senator is dropping out of the presidential race, two days after a ..."
Elizabeth Warren: key moments from her 2020 presidential campaign,"Speaking from outside her home in Cambridge, Massachusetts senator Elizabeth Warren said on Thursday she had 'no regrets' as she announced that she was ..."
Bill de Blasio's appeal to Elizabeth Warren falls flat,"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, who endorsed Sen. Bernie Sanders after ending his own presidential bid, asked Sen. Elizabeth Warren in a tweet on Tuesday to ..."
Elizabeth Warren's campaign in photos,"Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren speaks to a crowd in Detroit, March 3, 2020. Warren, a Massachusetts senator whose brand of big ..."
The Rage and Sorrow of the Warren Supporter,"The majority of my phone conversations were working to convince women that they shouldn't vote out of fear for an old white man,” one of Elizabeth Warren's ..."
Inside the Race to Win Over Elizabeth Warren,"Elizabeth Warren does not have a plan for this, and she's in no hurry to develop one. That's mostly fine by the people around Joe Biden. Bernie Sanders's ..."
Elizabeth Warren is from here. But can she win here?,"Elizabeth Warren has been on the brink before. At rallies, she often talks about pivotal moments in her life – watching her mother struggle to put on a dress for a ..."
Why women should support candidates like Elizabeth Warren,Women who don't vote for candidates like Elizabeth Warren are voting against their own interest.
'We will persist': read Elizabeth Warren's full statement on quitting the 2020 race,"Warren dropped out of the Democratic presidential race, telling her staff: 'The fight may take a new form, but I will be in that fight'"
Watch: Elizabeth Warren speaks in Cambridge after dropping out of presidential race,Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Hill: Why we didn’t fight hard enough for Elizabeth Warren,"Courtney, who took a leave of absence from her job teaching fourth grade in Connecticut to be an Elizabeth Warren campaign organizer, just texted me a picture ..."
Elizabeth Warren is far from finished | The Interpreter,"On Thursday afternoon in Boston this week, Senator Elizabeth Warren stood in front of her home with her husband Bruce Mann and dog Bailey to announce that ..."
I Am Burning With Fury and Grief Over Elizabeth Warren. And I Am Not Alone.,"WICHITA, Kan. — Consider every moment, since the dawn of woman, when a female aspired but to no avail. She asked to attend school but was denied."
Elizabeth Warren has a list of demands for companies bailed out by Washington,"New York (CNN Business) A dozen years after the infamous Wall Street bailout, Uncle Sam is once again preparing to rescue large chunks of Corporate ..."
Elizabeth Warren could be the lioness of the Senate,Her role model can be another Massachusetts senator.
Elizabeth Warren Makes Her Super Tuesday Pitch To Mass. Voters,"On Monday, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren joined Boston Public Radio to make her final case to Mass. voters heading into the Super Tuesday ..."
Is Elizabeth Warren being sidelined by gender bias?,"Jennifer Siebel Newsom, the wife of Gov. Gavin Newsom, tells a family story to illustrate how political gender bias begins in infancy. I phoned the first partner ..."
A Frontrunner's Fall: What Brought Elizabeth Warren Down?,"When Sen. Elizabeth Warren ended her quest for the White House outside her Cambridge home Thursday, it was the culmination of a dramatic reversal of ..."
"Elizabeth Warren ends 2020 presidential bid, not endorsing anyone yet","Elizabeth Warren, who electrified progressives with her “plan for everything” and strong message of economic populism, dropped out of the Democratic ..."
Elizabeth Warren Drops Out of Presidential Race,Elizabeth Warren suspended her presidential campaign Thursday after finding no path to the Democratic nomination and gave no indication whether she would ...
I Really Wanted You to Love Warren,I never expected to stand in the selfie line or buy her hoodie. But I did.
Why Warren dropping out shouldn’t cause women to give up hope,"Commentary: Elizabeth Warren dropped out of the 2020 Democratic primary, but don't give up hope on women presidential candidates."
‘I Just Really Wanted to Vote for Her’,That Elizabeth Warren wasn't able to gain the support she needed feels gutting for many of her supporters; here are some of their Twitter reactions.
Late Night Says Elizabeth Warren ‘Realized She Was Overqualified’,Jimmy Fallon can't blame the senator for not wanting to shake people's hands right now. Stephen Colbert says her departure proves America can't have nice ...
Warren slams 'prediction' and 'pundits' at Michigan event: 'Vote from heart',"Detroit — Sen. Elizabeth Warren's campaign for president rolled into Michigan on Tuesday, where she touted her record as a ""fighter"" and brushed off pundits ..."
"Without Missing a Beat, Elizabeth Warren Vows to Take on Gender Politics",The Massachusetts senator ends her campaign with her trademark vow to keep fighting.
Why Elizabeth Warren would be a bad VP pick,"Elizabeth Warren checks all the boxes as a vice presidential pick. White septuagenarian: Check. Northeast ultra liberal: Check. Didn't win a single state, ..."
"Biden, Looking to Attract Progressives, Endorses Warren Bankruptcy Plan",The two clashed over bankruptcy policy more than a decade ago. But Joseph R. Biden Jr. now supports Elizabeth Warren's plan that allows student debt to be ...
Hollywood 'grieving' after Elizabeth Warren drops out of race,"Elizabeth Warren has dropped out of the presidential race, leaving Ashley Judd, Patton Oswalt, Rosanna Arquette and other celebs disheartened."
Elizabeth Warren leaves the race with inspirational words,"As Warren leaves the race, she leaves behind the ideas she articulated with passion and, more importantly, with plans.. Maine news, sports, politics, election ..."
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren plans weekend town hall in Mesa, signaling she'll stay in presidential race","Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren is scheduled to hold a town hall in Mesa on Saturday, signaling her plans to remain in the rapidly thinning ..."
Media cries misogyny as voters snub Elizabeth Warren,"Last week, amid the drama surrounding Super Tuesday and the stunning resettling of the Democratic field in what was an electoral surprise to us all, it was no ..."
Nothing left on national stage for Elizabeth Warren,Elizabeth Warren has fallen and she can't get up. Bernie Sanders made sure of that. The Vermont democratic socialist may not have won the Massachusetts ...
Elizabeth Warren calls for a 'grassroots' stimulus package to counter coronavirus economic impact,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Thursday called on the U.S. government to respond to the coronavirus outbreak by passing a ""big stimulus package"" that offers ..."
Elizabeth Warren appears on 'SNL' with Kate McKinnon’s Elizabeth Warren,"NEW YORK (TEGNA) — Kate McKinnon during the show open of ""Saturday Night Live"" this week portrayed both Laura Ingraham and ended by playing ..."
You Can Still Vote for Elizabeth Warren if You Think She’d Be the Best President,"With 96 percent of votes yet to be cast, there's no need to act as if the most with-it candidate is out of it."
OnPolitics: And then there were basically two,It would make some kind of sense to believe that Sen. Elizabeth Warren dropping out of the race would help shore up progressive support for Sen. Bernie ...
Students are leaving personal thank-you notes next to Elizabeth Warren's photo at Harvard Law,"Students at Harvard Law School, where Senator Elizabeth Warren used to teach, want her to know that even though she's quit the presidential race, her efforts ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Talks Coronavirus Relief Package in PFAW Telebriefing,"Since the coronavirus pandemic is at the forefront of everyone's mind, People For the American Way is especially grateful to have been able to host a member ..."
The Fight Goes On - Team Warren,"I want to start with the news. I want all of you to hear it first, and I want you to hear it straight from me: Today, I'm suspending our campaign for president. I know ..."
Analysis | The Finance 202: Elizabeth Warren's threat to Wall Street persists even though she dropped out of the Democratic presidential race,Other Democrats may have a plan for her post-race.
Elizabeth Warren to Trump and Mnuchin: We’re watching you,That $500 billion bailout fund? We'll all have to stay on top of it.
Columnist JM Sorrell: President Elizabeth Warren,"Elizabeth Warren is by far the most competent, hardworking, intelligent, unifying leader in the race for president of the United States. I have written about her both ..."
Why the End of Elizabeth Warren’s Campaign Feels Personal for Women,"After the presidential candidate announced she was suspending her campaign, the feeling was real and alive in so many of us: that Warren's loss was an ..."
The Field: What Happened to Elizabeth Warren?,"We went to Massachusetts to explore how the most diverse slate of candidates in U.S. history become a contest, again, between two men."
‘2020 is a moment we’ve been called to': Elizabeth Warren rallies Super Tuesday crowd in Cambridge before hea,"Rallying hundreds of supporters in Cambridge on Super Tuesday, U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren told voters she is bringing her presidential primary campaign to ..."
The Frustration of Being Elizabeth Warren,"The night of November 8, 2016, when Hillary Clinton lost her presidential bid, women and girls across America were told that they would need to wait another ..."

Sen. Elizabeth Warren keeps 2020 hopes on the table,"BOSTON — Sen. Elizabeth Warren launched her presidential campaign with a February 2019 rally in Lawrence, attended by throngs of supporters, members of ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says her oldest brother died of coronavirus,Sen. Elizabeth Warren announced Thursday her oldest brother Donald Reed Herring died after testing positive for coronavirus.
Elizabeth Warren Endorses Joe Biden for President,"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has given former Vice President Joe Biden the third high-profile endorsement this week, along with Barack Obama and ..."
Vice presidential nod towards Elizabeth Warren in 2020 could alter course of Massachusetts politics,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren launched her presidential campaign with a February 2019 rally in Lawrence, attended by throngs of supporters, members of Congress ..."
The Elizabeth Warren of This Recession Is…An Elizabeth Warren Staffer,"The coronavirus is a rapidly developing news story, so some of the *content* in this article might be out of date. Check out our most recent coverage of the ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Calls For Voting Overhaul : Coronavirus Live Updates,"The massive set of proposals includes $4 billion in new elections funding, 30 days of required early voting and a mail-in ballot to be sent to every registered ..."
Elizabeth Warren was made for this moment. Joe Biden should recognize that.,"There's little doubt the medical and economic catastrophe of the coronavirus pandemic will dominate the presidential race. On Wednesday, Axios published a ..."
Why Not the Best? Elizabeth Warren for VP.,"The senator has exactly the temperament—and relevant economic, health, and anti-corruption policy experience—to help Biden win and govern."
Who Is Elizabeth Warren?,Senator Elizabeth Warren is one of the most powerful progressives in the United States. Join Sean Morrow on Who Is: The Podcast to hear her story.
"Elizabeth Warren on coronavirus, the presidency, and the economy","In January, Sen. Elizabeth Warren was the first presidential candidate to release a plan for combating coronavirus. In March, she released a second plan."
Why Joe Biden needs Elizabeth Warren,Warren has had a clear mission and vision for years.
Elizabeth Warren Just Made Many People Very Happy,"On Rachel Maddow tonight, former Democratic presidential nominee and always liberal heartthrob Senator Elizabeth Warren gave many hearts reasons to ..."
Elizabeth Warren Demands Investigations Into Trump’s Shambolic Coronavirus Response,"In January, or 37 lifetimes ago in Trump years, Elizabeth Warren released a plan to address the novel coronavirus that had already engulfed China and was ..."
Elizabeth Warren: What Congress Must Do About Coronavirus,"Congress has passed three coronavirus packages aimed at providing immediate relief to families, workers, hospitals and small businesses, but with more than ..."
Elizabeth Warren Explains Not Endorsing a Candidate During Pandemic,Elizabeth Warren explained why she hasn't endorsed a Democratic presidential candidate in light of the coronavirus pandemic when she visited 'Late Night' on ...
Elizabeth Warren tells Seth Meyers she had a plan for the COVID-19 pandemic,"During Elizabeth Warren's now-suspended presidential campaign, she was known for her numerous and detailed policy plans, exemplified by her catchphrase, ..."
Warren carves out a big role in a moment of crisis. Will that include a vice presidential nod?,Warren's endorsement of Biden this week has fueled speculation that the Massachusetts Democrat is a serious contender for the party's vice presidential ...
Elizabeth Warren for veep: She’s the obvious choice for Joe Biden,"While former Vice President Joe Biden made surprisingly quick work of Sen. Bernie Sanders in the primaries, it's hard for many Democrats to escape the feeling ..."
‘Yes’: Warren says she would accept Biden’s VP nod,Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren said Wednesday she would accept the role of Joe Biden's running mate if the presumptive Democratic presidential ...
A call to Elizabeth Warren to resume her candidacy for the 2020 election | TheHill,The nation needs a woman to lead after this crisis.
Elizabeth Warren backs Biden,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Elizabeth Warren endorsed Joe Biden on Wednesday, becoming the last of the former vice president's major Democratic presidential ..."
Elizabeth Warren demands info on children’s privacy policies in letter to Zoom CEO,"In a letter to Zoom CEO Eric Yuan, Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Ed Markey raised new concerns about the videoconferencing *service's* safety and privacy ..."
Fact Check: Sen. Elizabeth Warren did not 'just vote' to raise her own salary,"A Facebook posting by a political activist stated Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, had recently voted in Congress to give herself a pay raise."
Elizabeth Warren cites Joe Biden’s post-Boston Marathon bombing speech in endorsement,"Following a hard-fought primary race, Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorsed her former 2020 rival and the presumptive Democratic nominee, Joe Biden, for president ..."
Elizabeth Warren and 30 other senators call for a $50 billion bailout for child care providers struggling because of coronavirus,Senator Elizabeth Warren and 30 of her Senate colleagues are calling for the next coronavirus rescue bill to include a $50 billion bailout for struggling child care ...
Progressive movement wary of Warren for VP,"Over the past week, the progressive group Roots Action quietly began circulating a letter to other left-wing organizations, calling on Joe Biden to nominate ..."
An Interview With Elizabeth Warren: Trump's $500 Billion Coronavirus “Slush Fund” and More,"The coronavirus is a rapidly developing news story, so some of the *content* in this article might be out of date. Check out our most recent coverage of the ..."
Elizabeth Warren talks policy on Miley Cyrus Instagram show ‘Bright Minded’,"Warren addressed the federal government's $2 trillion COVID-19 relief package and what she believes still needs to be done, including allocating more money ..."
Elizabeth Warren told #BernieOrBust folks just what they need to hear about Biden | Opinion,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who dropped out of the Democratic president primary in Maarch, made the case that presumptive nomiee Joe Biden is a man of ..."
Elizabeth Warren urges Congress to enact more protections for ‘essential’ workers,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren is urging Congress to enact extra protections for front-line workers — including medical, grocery, janitorial and child care providers — in ..."
Elizabeth Warren And Sherrod Brown Unveil Sweeping 6-Prong Consumer Protection Proposal,Senators Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown aim to patch myriad gaps identified in the CARES Act and provide comprehensive consumer relief.
"With a word, Warren keeps 2020 hopes on the table","BOSTON (SHNS) – Sen. Elizabeth Warren launched her presidential campaign with a February 2019 rally in Lawrence, attended by throngs of supporters, ..."
Warren endorses 20 Democratic women for down-ballot races | TheHill,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Wednesday announced endorsements for 20 women running for congressional, state and local offices, including a number ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has a Plan to Protect Essential Workers – Mother Jones,"The coronavirus is a rapidly developing news story, so some of the *content* in this article might be out of date. Check out our most recent coverage of the ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren's oldest brother dies from COVID-19 complications,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren said her oldest brother died Tuesday from COVID-19 complications in Norman, Oklahoma. He was 86."
Celeste Williams picks up Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorsement,"Celeste Williams, a Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in Arkansas' 3rd District, has been endorsed by Sen. Elizabeth Warren's newly formed organization ..."
Elizabeth Warren endorses Kara Eastman in 2nd District House race,"Warren, who earned the third most delegates in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary before dropping out last month, encouraged 2nd District voters to ..."
"Biden donors privately float big names, including Elizabeth Warren and Larry Fink, for key roles",Joe Biden's top donors are privately discussing some big names who could serve as policy advisors in his campaign or the White House if he can defeat ...
AOC and Elizabeth Warren call for a freeze on big mergers as the coronavirus crisis unfolds,"The coronavirus pandemic has paralyzed the global economy, but large tech companies remain relatively well-positioned to reach into their deep pockets to ..."
What would Warren do?,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) will not be the next president of the United States, and that's a damn shame. Her brand of leadership is exactly what these ..."
Would Biden want Warren for VP? Don’t count on it.,Joe Biden has repeatedly said he wants a running mate who will be “simpatico” on matters of policy and strategy. That rules out the senior senator from ...
Elizabeth Warren: How John Bolton Blew Off Senators Who Asked About Global Pandemics,"The coronavirus is a rapidly developing news story, so some of the *content* in this article might be out of date. Check out our most recent coverage of the ..."
Buffalo ICU nurse gets surprise phone call from Elizabeth Warren,"The call Wednesday came through Kyle Brown's phone, like the previous time, as No Caller ID. Elizabeth Warren, the senior U.S. senator from Massachusetts ..."
Veepstakes Is On — And Warren Wants To Be A Contender,"Plus, Rep. Richard Neal says, ""there's going to have to be more money for the unemployment insurance system"" in the next coronavirus relief package."
"House passes $484B relief package, Trump wonders about 'injection' of disinfectant","Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., said Thursday that her oldest brother died earlier this week from the coronavirus."
Elizabeth Warren’s plan to end mask and supply shortages in the coronavirus pandemic,The Democratic lawmakers want the government to take responsibility for manufacturing coronavirus supplies.
Obama touts Elizabeth Warren's coronavirus recovery proposals,"Former President Barack Obama on Monday offered high praise for Sen. Elizabeth Warren, endorsing the former presidential candidate's extensive framework ..."
"Elizabeth Warren calls on Uber Eats, Instacart, others to classify workers as employees","Senator Elizabeth Warren is calling on food delivery apps like Uber Eats, which have seen a surge in business because of coronavirus, to reclassify their ..."
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren Endorses Joe Biden, Says She Would Serve as Vice President",Massachusetts senator and former presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren has endorsed Joe Biden for president. Senator Warren made the announcement in ...
Polls Show Democratic Voters Favor Warren For Vice President,"Among the women believed to be leading candidates for Joe Biden's running mate, Sen. Elizabeth Warren is the most popular with Democratic voters, according ..."
Congress: Elizabeth Warren’s plan to protect stimulus checks and give debt relief,"Congress has an opportunity to go big in the next coronavirus package, including protecting people from being crushed by debt."
Trump says Sanders lost because of Elizabeth Warren,"President Trump blamed Bernie Sanders' Democratic primary dropout on progressive Sen. Elizabeth Warren, saying if not for her, the Vermont senator would ..."
Elizabeth Warren Has Three Big Tips for Monitoring Trump's $500 Billion Coronavirus Slush Fund,"The coronavirus is a rapidly developing news story, so some of the *content* in this article might be out of date. Check out our most recent coverage of the ..."
Did Gender Keep Democratic Women From Winning The Presidential Primary?,"Elizabeth Warren has now fully thrown her support behind former Vice President Joe Biden in the presidential race. She has even said, without question, that ..."
Elizabeth Warren Joins Restaurant Workers to Demand Paid Sick Leave and PPE,"As states begin to reopen restaurants, many food sector employees still lack adequate protections."
Child care: Elizabeth Warren has a plan to fix the coronavirus child care crisis,The coronavirus pandemic could destroy America's child care system. Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Tina Smith have a $50 billion plan for that.
Memo to Elizabeth Warren - IJN,"Those selfish drug companies Elizabeth Warren talked about . . . oh, the ones working on a coronavirus vaccine?"
Senator Elizabeth Warren Backs Christy Smith For Congress,"U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren Endorses Christy Smith in CA-25 Special Election Race. SANTA CLARITA, CA — In a powerful indication of her widespread ..."
Warren hits Trump: He's trying to turn a health crisis into 'a political rally for himself' | TheHill,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Saturday grilled President Trump's handling of the COVID-19 pandemic, saying that his leadership is putting lives at risk."
7th Congressional District support: Elizabeth Warren endorses Tricia Zunker days after President Donald Trump backed Tom Tiffany,WAUSAU - The two candidates in the 7th Congressional District race received endorsements this week from high-profile members of their own party.
"AOC, Elizabeth Warren Propose Temporary Ban on Corporate Mergers","Senator Elizabeth Warren and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are proposing to ban corporate mergers while the coronavirus crisis persists, as the ..."
Brother of US Senator Warren Dies of COVID-19,"The 86-year-old brother of Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren has died from COVID-19. Warren, a former 2020 Democratic presidential candidate who ..."
"Elizabeth Warren Talks Keeping People, Democracy Healthy During Coronavirus on ‘Full Frontal’",Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Joe Biden’s VP Pick: Hollywood Torn As Town Ponders Its Preferred Choice To Take On Trump & Pence,Tinseltown's big donors & political players have a clear favorite(s) who they think the ex-VP should choice as his #2 against Donald Trump.
Humpday Headlines: Elizabeth Warren Endorses Biden,"The SF Fire Department responded to three separate fires in a ten-minute span Tuesday night. One was a brush fire near 101 on Bayshore Boulevard, and the ..."
"Senator Warren takes Treasury, Fed to task over 'little oversight' of stimulus programs",U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren chastised the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department on Thursday over their rollout of massive stimulus programs designed ...
"From her Cambridge living room, Warren appears on ‘Late Night with Seth Meyers’",Here's what the Massachusetts senator said about a potential vice president role when she spoke to Seth Meyers from her Cambridge home Wednesday.
Ballers fan Elizabeth Warren on what Dwayne Johnson movie to watch,"If you were surprised about Sen. Elizabeth Warren being a Ballers superfan, then just wait until you find out her pick for the perfect quarantine Dwayne Johnson ..."
Elizabeth Warren Wants $15.5 Billion To Help Homeless During Coronavirus Outbreak,The senator and former Democratic presidential candidate introduced her newest legislation to mitigate the effects of the outbreak on the most vulnerable.
Former rival Elizabeth Warren endorses Joe Biden for president,Former Democratic candidate and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Wednesday endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden as the party's presidential ...
Republican congressman backs Elizabeth Warren's small-business bailout proposal,A top Republican congressman says he agrees with Sen. Elizabeth Warren's proposal to remove the cap on how much money the government can lend to small ...
Senator Harris And Senator Warren Introduce Bill To Stop Price Gouging,"California Senator Kamala Harris, along with Senator Elizabeth Warren, have introduced a bill intended to stop price gouging amid the coronavirus crisis."
Elizabeth Warren wants to create a federal agency in charge of PPE,"If the executive branch won't take responsibility for procuring essential masks and other personal protective equipment, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.)"
The Battle to Keep Trump’s Coronavirus Response Effort Honest Has Begun,"A group of senators, including Elizabeth Warren, have set their sights on the ethical mess of the administration’s coronavirus response"
"Contact tracing proposal by Sen. Warren, Rep. Levin would create 'containment corps'","Citing a lack of a coordinated national effort on contact tracing, two congressional Democrats whose states have among the highest cases of COVID-19 are ..."
"Elizabeth Warren gets involved in Florida politics, endorses Kayser Enneking for HD 21",Gainesville Democrat Kayser Enneking picked up her biggest endorsement yet this week. U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorsed the state House candidate on ...
Trump thanks Elizabeth Warren for Bernie Sanders' exit in repeat of 'Crooked Hillary fiasco',"Donald Trump tried to pin blame for Bernie Sanders ending his 2020 presidential campaign on fellow-progressive Senator Elizabeth Warren, who did not get out ..."
Ezra Klein’s Alternate Reality,"In Ezra Klein's fantasy world, Elizabeth Warren would have somehow stopped the pandemic in its tracks."
The Hill's Campaign Report: Warren throws her support behind Biden | TheHill,"Welcome to The Hill's Campaign Report, your daily rundown on all the latest news in the 2020 presidential, Senate and House races. Did someone forward this ..."
"Fault lines emerge in oversight body as Toomey, former Warren aide split",The congressionally appointed panel scrutinizing trillions of dollars in emergency lending is already battling over how to hold the Federal Reserve and the ...
"Warren calls for investigation of small business loan program, saying banks were ‘playing favorites’",The Massachusetts senator and New York Congresswoman Nydia Velazquez allege that small companies were shut out.
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Bay Area Rep. Ro Khanna Propose ‘Essential Workers Bill Of Rights’","SAN JOSE (CBS SF) — Bay Area-based U.S. Rep. Ro Khanna, D-Santa Clara, teamed up with Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Massachusetts, on Monday to propose ..."
Warren joins senators seeking Deutsche Bank details on Trump,"U.S. senators including Elizabeth Warren, the onetime presidential candidate, are pushing for details from Deutsche Bank about contacts with the family ..."
Elizabeth Warren and Josh Hawley Will Do Everything Necessary To Combat Coronavirus (Unless It Involves Deregulation),"In two separate op-eds yesterday, the senators pitch central planning as the best response to the coronavirus pandemic."
"Warren, Mass. Democrats call for racial data on Medicare coronavirus patients | TheHill",Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) is pressing the Trump administration to release data on the races of all Medicare coronavirus patients.
"Warren, Markey demand data from assisted-living operators on coronavirus impact","Amid growing alarm over the spread of COVID-19 at senior care sites, US Senators Elizabeth Warren and Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts are demanding ..."
Warren and Harris introduce Senate bill to crack down on price gouging during the coronavirus pandemic,"The bill is a companion to legislation from Rep. Joe Neguse, D-Colo., and would allow the FTC to enforce a price gouging ban."
Older brother of Sen. Elizabeth Warren dies of COVID-19,"The former Democratic presidential candidate said Donald Reed Herring, 86, died in Oklahoma on Tuesday after having been diagnosed with the coronavirus ..."
Poll: Warren tops VP appeal for Dem voters in Michigan and Wisconsin,A group commissioned a poll in two Midwestern swing states to test the viability of women of color to be Joe Biden's vice presidential pick and found Stacey ...
"Warren, Pressley renew call for trove of national data on race and coronavirus, this time aimed at Medicare",Former 2020 candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren pushed yet again Friday morning for the federal government to shed a light on racial disparities rearing in the ...
"As economy crumbles, Warren, other Mass. lawmakers push Trump to waive state’s share of disaster costs","Members of the Mass. delegation are urging President Trump to waive a requirement the state help cover certain costs in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, ..."
"Schumer, Warren demand investigations of small business loans","Sens. Chuck Schumer, Elizabeth Warren and other Democrats are calling on government watchdogs to investigate the $670 billion small business rescue ..."
Warren Releases Video Endorsing BidenWarren Releases Video Endorsing Biden,"Senator Elizabeth Warren endorsed her one-time rival, former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., for president, praising his decades in public *service* ."
Senate Democrats back oversight efforts after Trump removal of IG,"In a letter, Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut expressed support of Justice Department Inspector General Michael E."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren throws support behind Joe Biden as Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez stops short of endorsement,"A month after dropping from the presidential race, Sen. Warren endorses former Vice President Joe Biden; Jacqui Heinrich reports."
Sen. Warren Wants Banks To End Seizure of Stimulus Checks,The following is a media release from Sen. Elizabeth Warren's office. She was elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to serve the state in ...
"Brown, Warren call on CFPB to protect consumers, not financial firms","Sens. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Elizabeth Warren of Massaschusetts and three other Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee urged the director of the ..."
Did 14% of New Yorkers get COVID-19?,Millions of New Yorkers may have had coronavirus. Elizabeth Warren's brother died from COVID-19. Severe storms lash the South. It's Thursday's news.
Whitmer or Warren would pay big dividends to Biden this fall | TheHill,"A running mate for Biden like Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer or Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who have practical economic expertise, would add ..."
Democrats call for border wall contract review,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Rep. Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) have asked the acting Inspector General of the Department of Defense to review a ...

Elizabeth Warren Says She Doesn’t Regret Presidential Bid and Is All in for Biden,"Elizabeth Warren hasn't had much to say about her presidential bid since dropping out of the race on March 5. After more than a year of campaigning, including."
Elizabeth Warren Still Has Plans For America,"The former Democratic candidate for POTUS is also one of our ""Women of the Year."""
It Really Could Be Warren,"After her swing and miss at the presidency, the Massachusetts senator is making a case for herself as Joe Biden's vice president."
Warren as Biden's running mate makes no electoral sense,Poll of the week: A new national Ipsos/Reuters poll finds former Vice President Joe Biden with a 45% to 39% lead over President Donald Trump.
WATCH: One-on-One With Sen. Elizabeth Warren,"The Massachusetts senator told NBC10 Boston's Alison King about her presidential bid, the prospects of her joining Joe Biden's ticket and more."
Joe Biden needs Elizabeth Warren — in some capacity,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) had to thread the needle if she were going to win the Democratic presidential nomination. She needed to draw the support of ...
Why a top Democratic pollster is urging Joe Biden to pick Elizabeth Warren as his running mate,Sen. Elizabeth Warren didn't manage a first or second place finish — even in her home state of Massachusetts — during her time in the 2020 primary race.
Elizabeth Warren's Path to Becoming VP Is Easier Than It Looks,Some Democrats worry that Joe Biden selecting Warren could lose them a Senate seat. But the chances of that are slim.
My Brother’s Death Didn’t Have to Happen,Elizabeth Warren spoke with Edward-Isaac Dovere about losing her brother Donald Reed Herring to COVID-19.
"Elizabeth Warren releases 2019 tax return, other financial disclosures","She and her husband made about $745000 last year and have a total net worth between about $4.8 million and $11 million, according to their tax return and her ..."
Biden can channel FDR by choosing Elizabeth Warren as vice president,"Warren's bold leadership, ability to communicate complex ideas clearly, and willingness to work as a true strategic partner with allies to prioritize progressive ..."
"Keller @ Large: Warren Says With Mass. Reopening, ‘We’re Going To Have To Learn As We Go Along’","BOSTON (CBS) – Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren said coronavirus reopening in the state must be based on data, adding that “we're going to have to ..."
Elizabeth Warren Among Senators Urging FTC To Look Into Instacart Tip Baiting,(CNN) — Four Democratic senators are calling for federal regulators to investigate the controversial practice of “tip baiting” on grocery-delivery app Instacart ...
What to know about Elizabeth Warren’s clash with Steve Mnuchin over coronavirus loans,Sen. Elizabeth Warren pressed Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin Tuesday for new protections for employees of large companies that receive federal ...
"Since her campaign ended, Warren has plunged into the coronavirus response — just as Biden is searching for a VP","Rather than letting her failed presidential bid push her to the background, Elizabeth Warren remains highly visible on the biggest issue of the moment, just as ..."
Elizabeth Warren: ‘The Time For Magical Thinking Is Over’,"At a Senate hearing on Tuesday, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., questioned Dr. Anthony Fauci about the possibility for a catastrophic resurgence of the..."
Elizabeth Warren Knows What Joe Biden Needs in a Vice President,"If Biden wants to win the White House and govern like a New Dealer, Warren is his indispensable partner."
Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren to speak at Texas Democratic convention,"Senators Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren are the latest names to be added to the list of speakers for the Texas Democratic Party's June convention, the ..."
Elizabeth Warren calls for look into coronavirus impact on Native American rights | TheHill,Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has teamed up with the co-chair of the Congressional Native American Caucus to request more information on how the ...
"Elizabeth Warren, other Massachusetts Democrats probe Walmart on store with more than 80 coronavirus cases",Senator Elizabeth Warren and other Democratic members of Massachusetts' congressional delegation are pressing Walmart on its handling of a store in the ...
‘Do We Have The Coronavirus Contained?” Watch Sen. Elizabeth Warren Question Dr. Anthony Fauci,"WASHINGTON (CBS) — Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's leading infectious disease expert, testified remotely before a Senate committee hearing Tuesday on ..."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorses MJ Hegar in Texas' Democratic U.S. Senate runoff,"The high-profile nod on Tuesday follows a cascade of endorsements for Hegar and Royce West, who will face off in a primary runoff election on July 14."
"Among Rumored Vice Presidential Candidates, Warren Would Give Biden the Biggest Boost","According to the May 22-26 Morning Consult/Politico survey, 26% of registered voters said placing her on the ticket would make them more likely to vote for ..."
"Warren pivots in bid to become Biden VP | Klobuchar, 2 other senators invited to apply","Presumptive Democratic White House nominee Joe Biden invited three U.S. senators to submit their names for vetting to become his running mate, while ..."
Warren urges Senate to pass relief to support mail-in voting as pandemic threatens elections,Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday urged the Senate to pass $4 billion in the next coronavirus relief package to allow states to expand their vote-by-mail ...
Elizabeth Warren asked Anthony Fauci if the government was ready for the second coronavirus wave,Sen. Elizabeth Warren used her time Tuesday with Dr. Anthony Fauci to underscore the urgency of preparing for the potential of a second coronavirus wave.
"Warren condemns 'horrific' Trump tweet on Minneapolis protests, other senators chime in | TheHill","On Friday, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) called President Trump's tweet about protests in Minneapolis ""horrific,"" adding, ""Donald Trump is calling for violence ..."
Warren's VP bid faces obstacle: Her state's Republican governor | TheHill,Buzz is growing about Sen.
Elizabeth Warren to serve as speaker for NSCC virtual commencement,"Senior Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren will be the keynote speaker at North Shore Community College's 54th Commencement, its first virtual one ever."
"Leon Cooperman On Elizabeth Warren, Two-Tier Market And Big Government",Big government has bailed out wide swaths of American capitalism in the wake of the pandemic like never before. Now it has every right to tax and regulate ...
About Warren’s Senate Seat,Today on TAP: Gaining a VP does not have to mean losing a Democratic seat.
"Election 2020: Elizabeth Warren most likable among women contenders for Joe Biden’s VP pick, Democrats say in","When it comes to likability, Sen. Elizabeth Warren has an edge over other women contenders to be Joe Biden's running mate, scoring high marks in favorability ..."
Which VP choice would give Biden the biggest boost? Poll ranks the options,"Democrat Joe Biden picking Elizabeth Warren, Kamala Harris or Amy Klobuchar as his vice president would give him the largest boost for the 2020 presidential ..."
"Warren: Trump administration ""has cost people lives"" | National/World News",BOSTON -- Responding to a Columbia University disease model suggesting tens of thousands of lives could have been saved if social distancing had been ...
"Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar and More React to Floyd Protests","Nationally recognized politicians, many of whom are competing to be Democratic nominee Joe Biden's running mate in the 2020 election, have been quick to ..."
Warren Wants CEOs Held Criminally Liable for Bailout Violations,Senator Elizabeth Warren is calling on the Federal Reserve to hold corporate executives personally liable if they take bailout money intended to bolster credit ...
"Warren, Mnuchin Spar Over Coronavirus Funding Oversight During Senate Hearing",Warren asked the Treasury Secretary whether he will require companies that receive CARES Act funding to keep their workers on payroll.
Warren asks Mnuchin why airlines are cutting work despite bailout - Business Insider,Sen. Elizabeth Warren asked Treasury Sec. Steven Mnuchin why airlines were being permitted to cut work hours despite terms in the bailout package.
Warren Endorses 4 New York Incumbents,Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday endorsed three incumbent Democrats in the state Legislature and Rep. Jerry Nadler's re-election bid.
Sen. Warren to oppose Trump stimulus watchdog nominee,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass, announced Tuesday that she will vote against the president's nominee to oversee federal spending for pandemic recovery."
Keller @ Large: Elizabeth Warren We Must 'Learn As We Go Along' In Reopening Massachusetts,"Program: WBZ News WeekendsCategories: News, General, Local News, Politics, WBZTV, Google, COVID-19 Overview. WBZ-TV political analyst Jon Keller ..."
Elizabeth Warren endorses Hillary Scholten for Congress,"Hillary Scholten, the Democratic candidate running for Michigan's 3rd Congressional district, picked up an endorsement from a former presidential candidate ..."
"Ed Markey, Elizabeth Warren introduce bill to offer refunds for canceled airline travel",A new bill introduced in the Senate would mandate airlines offer full cash refunds for canceled tickets instead of future travel credits.
The Hill's Campaign Report: Buzz builds around Warren for VP | TheHill,"Welcome to The Hill's Campaign Report, your daily rundown on all the latest news in the 2020 presidential, Senate and House races. Did someone forward this ..."
Warren as a Running Mate Would Make Biden Unstoppable in the Midwest | Opinion,It's conventional wisdom that choosing a nominee from a swing state improves the ticket's chances there in the fall. But consider which voters in Wisconsin and ...
"Warren, Levin introduce legislation for federal contact tracing program | TheHill",Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Rep.
"Banks are in trouble, but this solution would make Elizabeth Warren's head explode",New York (CNN Business) Mass unemployment. Mounting bankruptcies. And fears of negative interest rates. It's a nightmarish time for America's banks.
Participate in The Last Word Special: Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren,"Fans have an opportunity to submit a question for Joe Biden. This special, which was supposed to air on Thursday, June 4th at 10pm ET, has been postponed."
Tara Reade says she took Biden allegations to Warren and Harris campaigns,"Tara Reade, a former Senate staffer who has accused Joe Biden of sexually assaulting her in 1993, claimed Friday in an interview with Megyn Kelly that she ..."
Warren Calls For Prosecution Of Bailout Program Fraudsters,U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren wants the Federal Reserve Bank to draw up stringent regulations for recipients of U.S. bailout funds and to prosecute cases of fraud.
Warren warns coronavirus 'poses a threat to free and fair elections' | TheHill,Sen.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren grills Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on PPP rollout,Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell testify before the Senate Banking Committee on CARES Act progress.
Why the veepstakes isn't exactly a popularity contest,"Now that Joe Biden is the Democrats' presumptive nominee, he's in the middle of vetting and picking his running mate. Biden has pledged to pick a woman ..."
"Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker propose phased in 'factory farming' ban to clamp down on 'Big Ag'",Sen. Elizabeth Warren announced that she would be co-sponsoring Sen. Cory Booker's bill to phase out large-scale factory farming by 2040. The Farm System.
Republicans hope Biden picks Warren for VP | TheHill,Biden's entire campaign strategy has been to mask his weaknesses. His vice presidential choice will be just that strategy's latest tactic.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Co-sponsoring Sen. Cory Booker's Bill to Close Large Factory Farming Operations,"by Diana O. Potter, VEGWORLD Senior Editor. As we reported in the January/February 2020 issue of VEGWORLD, in December 2019 Senator Cory Booker ..."
"US Senators Dianne Feinstein, Elizabeth Warren Join Colleagues Seeking Information on Department of Defense Efforts to Prevent COVID-19 Outbreaks at Guantanamo Bay Prison","May 29, 2020 - Washington – Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) joined Senators Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Jack Reed (D-R.I.), Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Dianne ..."
Facebook’s Giphy acquisition sounds antitrust alarms in Congress,"A bipartisan group of senators, including Sens. Josh Hawley and Elizabeth Warren, are sounding the antitrust enforcement alarm over Facebook's newly ..."
Sen. Warren & Rep. Rice Lead Bipartisan Group Requesting Medicare Audiologist Access & Services During Pandemic,The following is a media release from Sen. Elizabeth Warren's office. She was elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to serve the state in ...
Elizabeth Warren Leads Demand to Audit OSHA as Covid-19 Sparks 'Massive Worker Safety Crisis',"Six senators, including Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders, are demanding an audit of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration's ..."
"Warren, Markey, & Massachusetts Delegation Want Walmart To Protect Workers During COVID-19 Crisis",The following is a media release from Sen. Ed Markey and Sen Elizabeth Warren's offices. Both were elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts ...
The federal government fiddles as covid-19 ravages Native Americans,The virus's terrible impact in Indian Country underscores that the federal government must live up to its unique legal and moral obligations to Native Nations.
David Sirota on why Warren is shifting on Medicare for All | TheHill,"David Sirota, editor-at-large of Jacobin, said on Hill.TV's “Rising” Friday that Sen."
"Factory Farming Ban Proposed by Senators Booker, Warren",The dangers of working shoulder-to-shoulder in a meat processing plant have come to the forefront as the novel coronavirus has exposed the fragility of the ...
Democrats push to strengthen stimulus oversight in next round of coronavirus legislation,A group of Democrats seeking stronger oversight of coronavirus relief programs is introducing a new bill to force companies to report how they're using the ...
"Sen. Warren, Mnuchin Spar Over Bailout Job Rules","Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., spars with Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin over the rules for companies taking money through the CARES Act and how they ..."
Sen. Warren Introduces $100 Billion Legislation For Emergency Assistance Program To Help Renters Stay Housed During & After The Pandemic,The following is a media release from Sen. Elizabeth Warren's office. She was elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to serve the state in ...
Democrats escalate calls to ban large mergers during the pandemic,"Over the last few months, Democrats have called for a ban on large corporate mergers during the pandemic. Lawmakers like Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Amy ..."
BAKER wants MORE virus testing — Warren's VP BUZZ — Employers split on checking TEMPERATURES,"GOOD MORNING, MASSACHUSETTS. TGIF! VP BUZZ ON BEACON HILL — As speculation about Joe Biden's running mate continues to grow, Sen. Elizabeth ..."
"Return of the Veepstakes, Peak Sports Docs, and Will Sommer","Bryan and David discuss the veepstakes that includes Elizabeth Warren, Stacey Abrams, and Amy Klobuchar, the endless cycle of sports documentaries, and ..."
"Warren, Pressley Push For More Community Health Center Funding",A group of lawmakers led by Mass. Senator Elizabeth Warren and Rep. Ayanna Pressley are calling for more community health center funding.
Who Will Biden Pick As His Vice Presidential Running Mate?,Presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden has vowed he will pick a woman to be his vice presidential running mate. But which woman? He's facing pressure ...
Elizabeth Warren and Cory Booker Bill to Shut Down Large-Scale Factory Farming,Senator Elizabeth Warren is co-sponsoring a bill put forward by Senator Cory Booker that would crack down on large scale factory farming.
OTR: Former Mass. Gov. Deval Patrick gearing up for 2024 election,The roundtable analysts also discuss Sen. Elizabeth Warren's strategy to become Joe Biden's running mate in the 2020 race.
10 worker protections that should be in the US government's next aid package,Elizabeth Warren is the senior US Senator from Massachusetts. Ro Khanna is the US Representative for California's 17th District. The opinions expressed in this ...
Sen. Warren Calls For Inspector General Audit of OSHA's Inadequate Enforcement Amid Growing Worker Illnesses & Deaths During COVID-19 Pandemic,The following is a media release from Sen. Elizabeth Warren's office. She was elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to serve the state in ...
Trump vaccine czar forgoes $3M windfall as ex-firm’s stock soars,The report sent Moderna stock soaring by 34% in pre-market trading Monday.
"US antitrust chief says AOC, Warren merger block move 'misguided'","Progressive Democrats in Congress propose a moratorium on corporate, private equity deals in the coronavirus pandemic."
Sen. Warren Introduces Legislation for a National Contact Tracing Program,The following is a media release from Sen. Elizabeth Warren's office. She was elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to serve the state in ...
<strong>NSCC to host first virtual commencement</strong> - News,North Shore Community College will host its first virtual commencement June 25. Senior Massachusetts state Sen. Elizabeth Warren will be the commencement ...
"US Senators Kamala D. Harris, Kirsten Gillibrand, Edward Markey, Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker, and Jeff Merkley Introduce Emergency Health Care Guarantee Act - Would Eliminate All Out-Of-Pocket Health Costs During the COVID-19 Crisis","May 16, 2020 - WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senator Kamala D. Harris (D-CA) on Friday joined Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and 5 of their colleagues in Kamala ..."
Sen. Warren Questions US Treasury Secretary on Airlines' Compliance With CARES Act Bailout Provisions,The following is a media release from Sen. Elizabeth Warren's office. She was elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to serve the state in ...
"Letter: Warren, Sanders know how to fix what ails America",How's this for irony? Now that the moneyed political establishment and its media machine have successfully halted the Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren ...
"OVERNIGHT DEFENSE: Esper escalates war of words with Warren, Democratic senators | Senate panel plans to skip DHS, VA spending bills | TheHill","Happy Friday, and welcome to Overnight Defense. I'm Ellen Mitchell, and here's your nightly guide to the latest developments at the Pentagon, on Capitol Hill ..."
Private equity managers rebuked for slashing US doctor pay,"Row escalates between Elizabeth Warren, Blackstone and KKR after coronavirus crisis prompts cuts"
Warren: 'Our Child Care System Is In Danger Of Collapsing',Editor's Note: This is our weekly politics newsletter. Get it in your inbox here. Around one in four American workers are now out of a job. And for those of us lucky ...
"Biden's vice president shortlist emerges, as Demings says she's being vetted",A shortlist to be Joe Biden's vice presidential nominee is starting to take shape as Florida Rep. Val Demmings says is being vetted vetted.
Is Amy Klobuchar Pulling Ahead In the Biden Veepstakes?,"Early chatter focused on Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, and Stacey Abrams. But new reports suggest the Minnesota senator may be breaking away from the pack."
Treasury Secretary Warren,Mnuchin and Powell fear Democratic attacks on business loans.
Feeling your pain? Virus reaches into the lives of Congress,"Like so much of the world, lawmakers are experiencing a humbling dose of fear, sorrow, anger and isolation. The result is a wide and deep imprint on the same ..."
Biden's VP pick likely 'inconsequential' in 2020 but could indicate future of Democratic Party,"Joe Biden's running mate choice will have little impact on the outcome of the 2020 presidential election, some political analysts say. However, the presumptive ..."
Biden's VP search puts spotlight on how long he'll serve,"Seventy-seven-year-old Joe Biden says he would like to be a “transition” from President Donald Trump to younger, rising Democratic figures."
Outrage over George Floyd's death could tip fortunes in Joe Biden's VP search,Some potential running mates have seen their fortunes appear to rise or fall in the midst of the protests over police treatment of African Americans.
Democrats lobby Biden on VP choice | TheHill,"Rep. Lois Frankel (D-Fla.), co-chairwoman of the Women's Caucus, is pushing her home-state colleague, Rep. Val Demings, for vice president."
"Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Ed Bastion Responds to Criticism from Elizabeth Warren; Says His Employees ""Sacrifice Together""",Delta Air Lines chief executive Ed Bastian has responded to claims made by a group of Democratic Senators including former Presidential hopefuls Elizabeth ...
Piling pandemic on top of injustice: Elizabeth Warren calls attention to Native Americans under the coronavirus,Sen. Warren and Rep. Haaland co-author op-ed on federal response to COVID-19 on Native reservations: American Indians and Alaska Natives already suffer ...
Opinion | Biden vetting rumors are circulating. Here are the VP finalists we see.,"I'm Karen Tumulty, and for Round 63, we're checking back in on who will share the ticket with Joe Biden. Since our last ranking in March, would-be veeps have ..."
"Class of 2020 Gets a Virtual Send-off, for Now","BU schools and colleges hold mini celebrations; Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) addresses poli sci students"
Seeking: Big Democratic Ideas That Make Everything Better,"By the end of primary season, the Democratic Party had all but settled on a conventional center-left agenda. But the pandemic is forcing the Biden campaign and ..."
Senators Markey & Warren Co-Sponsor Emergency Health Care Guarantee Act,The following is a media release from Sen. Ed Markey and Sen Elizabeth Warren's offices. Both were elected by voters in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts ...
