title,media
"Joe Biden Announces 2020 Run for President, After Months of Hesitation","Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. announced Thursday that he would seek the Democratic nomination to challenge President Trump in 2020, casting ..."
Joe Biden Is a Disaster Waiting to Happen,"Joe Biden just announced his candidacy for president. Of all the terrible candidates vying for the Democratic nomination, he is the worst. Joe Biden gives a ..."
What Should We Make of Joe Biden?,"Ten smart women tell us what they think of his “tactile” style, and whether it disqualifies him for a 2020 run."
Joe Biden’s Long History Shadows 2020 Bid,"If Joe Biden enters the presidential race, he's betting he can appeal to a silent majority in the party that values experience and feels overlooked by its vocal, ..."
"Joe Biden Will Announce His Presidential Campaign Next Week, Unless He Doesn't, But He Probably Will",Former Vice President Joe Biden has recorded a video near his childhood home that will launch the third attempt at the Democratic presidential nomination in ...
Joe Biden Is Not Helping,"In the first presidential election season since Democrats elected a black man as president twice and nominated a woman for the first time, a white man with a ..."
Joe Biden Announces He Will Run for President in 2020,"WASHINGTON - It's been rumored for months, but now former vice president Joe Biden says he's officially running for president. The announcement was made ..."
"Joe Biden Jokes About Hugging in a Speech, Then Offers a Mixed Apology",WASHINGTON — Joseph R. Biden Jr. on Friday twice jokingly referred to complaints from several women that he had made them uncomfortable with his ...
"Joe Biden’s Campaign Announcement Video, Annotated","The former vice president's announcement video was broad and oratorical. Notably absent: policy, biography, ideology."
Joe Biden Plans to Close Foundation When He Enters 2020 Race,"Joseph R. Biden Jr. plans to wind down his personal charity, the Biden Foundation, when he enters the 2020 presidential race, people briefed on the ..."
Joe Biden announces 2020 presidential run,Former Vice President Joe Biden -- one of the remaining high-profile holdouts in a crowded field of Democrats vying to be their party's nominee -- has ...
Joe Biden steps on his ‘I get it’ message,"Joe Biden still doesn't get it, said longtime women's rights activist Shaunna Thomas. After offering three explanations in a week in response to at least three ..."
When Obama Talked Biden Out of Running for President,"Barack Obama stood in the Rose Garden, watching Joe Biden announce that he wasn't going to run for president—exactly what he wanted and had helped ..."
Joe Biden kicks off 2020 presidential campaign,"Former Vice President Joe Biden kicked off his presidential campaign for the 2020 election in Pittsburgh, telling constituents if he is going to defeat Trump, it's ..."
Voters react to Joe Biden entering presidential race,CNN's Randi Kaye sits down with a group of Democratic voters to discuss former Vice President Joe Biden entering the 2020 presidential race.
The Joe Biden Media Frenzy,"Once again, journalists are giving in to their own worst instincts."
Joe Biden’s path to White House victory — or defeat,"The former vice president is expected to join the White House race any day now, and it could go one of two ways: He could ride his well-known name and ..."
PROFILE: Joe Biden,"Watch our FULL interview with Joe Biden on September 2, 2019: The following synopsis is from the Joe Biden for President website: It all starts in a little house ..."
Joe Biden launches his 2020 presidential campaign,"Former Vice President Joe Biden formally kicked off his 2020 presidential campaign on Thursday, ending months of speculation about whether or not he would ..."
Former vice president Joe Biden jumps into 2020 White House race,"The former vice president took direct aim at President Donald Trump and declared that “we are in the battle for the soul of this nation.”. Maine news, sports ..."
"For Joe Biden, Charlottesville defines the Trump presidency","In the opening seconds of Joe Biden's video announcing his candidacy for the presidency, he mentions a city that for many has come to define President ..."
Biden: Time to ‘take back’ the country,"BOSTON — Joe Biden said on Thursday that it was time to “take back” the country and treat the middle class with respect, as the former vice president warms up ..."
California voters shrug at controversy over Joe Biden's behavior,(CNN) WARNING: This story contains graphic language. The question of whether allegations of unwanted touching against former Vice President Joe Biden ...
Video: Joe Biden focuses on Trump’s comments after Charlottesville in announcing 2020 candidacy,Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.
Watch Joe Biden 2020 presidential announcement video,The Trump era is burnishing Joe Biden's strengths and downplaying his weaknesses. That makes his 2020 presidential run his most viable one yet.
"Joe Biden: supporters say he’s electable, some colleagues are cautious","Rep. Cedric Richmond makes the case for Biden, but House Majority Whip James Clyburn says there's a lot of race left to run."
Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden have a history. It’s complicated.,Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden could find themselves sharing a Democratic presidential primary debate stage this summer. It wouldn't be the first time ...
Joe Biden resumes role as one of nation's top eulogists,"COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — On the cusp of an expected White House run, Joe Biden is returning to a familiar role this week as the one of the nation's top eulogists."
Biden: 'I'm not sorry for anything that I have ever done' | TheHill,"Former Vice President Joe Biden said Friday that he's not sorry for his past actions that some women have said made them uncomfortable, but that he's sorry he ..."
Biden to campaign as extension of Obama's political movement,"BLUFFTON, S.C. (AP) — Joe Biden is finalizing the framework for a White House campaign that would cast him as an extension of Barack Obama's presidency ..."
Has Joe Biden's US presidential bid ended before it began? – video explainer,In the past week Joe Biden has been the subject of damaging news reports after two women accused the former US vice-president of inappropriate behaviour.
The Real Joe Biden Decision,"At some point soon, Joe Biden is going to have to make two decisions. The first is whether he wants to run for the Democratic nomination. The second is whether ..."
Joe Biden And The Male Apology,"If Joe Biden wants to win, writes Steve Almond, he needs to start acting like the leader of a party that pushes not only for equal opportunity, but equal ..."
The Two-Biden Problem,"Is the former vice president a far-seeing progressive or a centrist creep? He's both, and he's only going to win in 2020 if he figures out how to explain that ..."
Open Internet Advocates Should Meet Joe Biden With Skepticism,Net neutrality hasn't been a major point of contention within the Democratic party. Most politicians under the party's banner have supported measures meant to ...
Joe Biden’s Early Polling Lead Is Powered By Women,The former vice president is polling better with women than men in Iowa and New Hampshire.
"Unlike His Rivals, Biden Sees Trump as an Aberration","The key word in Joe Biden's announcement video is aberrant. If Donald Trump serves only one term, Biden declares, “I believe history will look back on four ..."
Watch Biden's video statement on personal space,"Former Vice President Joe Biden released a video on Twitter and said he will be ""more mindful about respecting personal space in the future."" The video comes ..."
How The Bidens Earned More Than $3 Million While They Were In The White House,"During the eight years that Joe Biden served as vice president, he and his wife Jill earned about $3.1 million, according to a Forbes analysis of their tax returns."
"Joe Biden Touts Middle Class, Unions in First Campaign Rally","Former Vice President Joe Biden, who's considered a 2020 front-runner, touted restoring America's middle class and strengthening unions Monday in his first ..."
Joe Biden's First Fundraiser Rife With Lobbyists and GOP Donors,"Joe Biden, like other Democratic candidates, pledged not to take lobbyist money, but his first fundraiser will be rife with cash from corporate interests."
"Joe Biden Speaks To Pittsburgh Union Members, Kicks Off His Presidential Campaign",Joe Biden kicked off his presidential campaign with a pitch to union voters in Pittsburgh. Democrats need to win over middle class white voters to make a play for ...
Obama fundraiser and former hedge fund executive Eric Mindich plans to help Joe Biden in 2020 campaign,"Eric Mindich, a former hedge fund executive who helped raise money for Barack Obama's White House runs, plans to help former Joe Biden raise cash for the ..."
How Might Joe Biden Fare in North Carolina's Democratic Primary?,"WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Former Vice President Joe Biden threw his hat into the ring Thursday, becoming the 20th Democratic candidate in the race for president."
The Power of Joe Biden’s Personal Appeal in the Rust Belt,"At Joe Biden's kickoff rally, in Pittsburgh on Monday, the long line that stretched around the Teamsters' union hall, snaking downhill past newly desirable row ..."
Not your average Joe,"Joe Biden, Delaware's most famous adopted son and the highest U.S. political officeholder in state history, may not be done making history after all."
Joe Biden is leading the polls. But his other presidential bids were disasters.,"“Today, I announce my candidacy for president of the United States of America,” said Joe Biden, the 44-year-old junior senator from Delaware, standing before ..."
Biden raises $6.3 million in the first 24 hours of his 2020 campaign,It's the highest first-day figure of any of the 20 Democrats who have launched campaigns to challenge President Donald Trump for the White House in the 2020 ...
"Joe Biden 2020: How CBS News covered Joe Biden's first presidential announcement on June 9, 1987","""He is criticized by some in his party for being the senator of themes, not substance,"" CBS News' Lem Tucker described the then-44-year-old."
Biden and Obama’s ‘Odd Couple’ Relationship Aged Into Family Ties,"Four years ago, Barack Obama gently discouraged him from running for president, but Joseph R. Biden Jr. is back and presenting himself as Mr. Obama's ..."
"Poll suggests he’s a frontrunner, but how will a Joe Biden candidacy play in SC?","A poll of SC voters suggest Joe Biden would enter the 2020 race a frontrunner, but will likely face questions about his age, more moderate record and recent ..."
Elizabeth Warren vs. Joe Biden has been a grudge match since 2005,The fight that defines Warren vs. Biden: A battle over a landmark bankruptcy bill brought her directly into conflict with a key Democratic rival for the White House.
Cuomo Ready to Assist Pal Joe Biden in White House Run,People close to Gov. Andrew Cuomo expect he'll be far more involved in helping Joe Biden's presidential campaign than he was in supporting Hillary Clinton's ...
‘Bring it on’: Biden and Sanders teams kick off debate over Medicare-for-all,"Joe Biden on Monday endorsed a public option that would allow all Americans to buy into a Medicare-like health insurance plan, as allies of both the former vice ..."
Biden Spanish-language ad becomes ‘hot mess’,"In the run-up to his expected presidential campaign announcement, former Vice President Joe Biden's supporters cut a Spanish-language ad in South Florida ..."
"NEW: Joe Biden in terrific shape, could visit Florida in May, brother says","Former Vice President Joe Biden, who launched his 2020 campaign for president on Thursday, should visit Florida soon, says his brother in Palm Beach County."
Joe Biden's New Campaign Video Is Kind of Awkward,America isn't a country but a series of vaguely positive things in Joe Biden's presidential campaign announcement.
Joe Biden And The Rhetoric Of Restoration,"Congress should frame its actions, not as investigating or impeaching Trump, but helping restore the idea of America."
Our country 'was built by the great American middle class' Biden tells Pittsburgh rally,There was so much focus on union workers at Joe Biden's first campaign rally on Monday that they all got their own special red wristbands and an exclusive ...
"Biden voted with the NRA when the Senate, and the nation, were very different","Former Vice President Joe Biden once voted for the Firearm Owners Protection Act, which allowed for the sale of guns across state lines."
Joe Biden announces he's running for President in 2020 | McClatchy Washington Bureau,"Former vice president Joe Biden announced his candidacy for president on April 25, 2019. In it, he rebuked President Trump's Charlottesville response and ..."
Joe Biden team blasts 'right-wing trolls' amid scrutiny over behavior toward women,Aides to Joe Biden struck a more aggressive tone on Monday as the former vice president faced scrutiny over his past behavior toward women.
"Cindy McCain responds to report her family supports Biden in 2020, has 'no intention' to get involved",Cindy McCain tweeted on Wednesday afternoon to respond to a report that the McCain family would support Joe Biden in 2020.
On the Trail: Biden coming to New Hampshire in May and his friends are waiting,Joe Biden's presidential campaign announcement was both long expected and much anticipated.The former vice president's upcoming May 13-14 trip to New ...
Joe Biden Announces Presidential Run on Twitter,Former Vice President Joe Biden has officially announced he is joining the crowded Democrat field vying for the 2020 presidnetial nomination. The longtime...
Biden’s Plan: All Aboard the Obama Nostalgia Train,"As the Democratic party moves to the left, Joe Biden is banking on the Obama bubble, hoping that his support among centrists who favor former President ..."
Column: Joe Biden is the white male savior we’ve finally outgrown,"Some of us have to be oppressed to keep giving the old guard of white male protectors, and our mythos, a fix of heroism."
What Joe Biden Has Said About Anita Hill Over the Years,Joseph R. Biden Jr. said this week that he takes “responsibility” for the way Anita Hill was treated when she testified in the 1991 confirmation hearings for Justice ...
Jill Biden: Why I Was Initially Reluctant to Marry Joe Biden | Time,"The first time Joe proposed, he simply said, “I want us to get married.” It wasn't a big deal — just an ordinary conversation on an ordinary day. I already knew ..."
Is Joe Biden Too Centrist For Today's Democratic Party?,A lot of energy and media coverage of the 2020 Democratic field is focused on the far left-wing. But is that where most Democratic voters are? That's a key ...
Joe Biden stopped for ice cream during his first Iowa campaign swing. Of course.,"MONTICELLO, Ia. — Former vice president Joe Biden ordered his ice cream in a cone with a twist Tuesday, as he made an unannounced stop for soft serve at ..."
Joe Biden's Record On Privacy May Give Democrats Pause,"While 2020 Democratic contender Joe Biden hasn't announced an official stance on hot-button tech issues like breaking up Big Tech or net neutrality, his."
New poll shows Joe Biden as the leading 2020 Democratic candidate,The latest USC Dornsife/L.A. Times poll has former Vice President Joe Biden as the leading 2020 Democratic candidate. The poll also indicated a lukewarm ...
Joe Biden should worry about the competition he faces,David Gergen has been a White House adviser to four presidents and is a senior political analyst at CNN. He is a professor of public *service* and the founding ...
Joe Biden Announces Presidential Run,Another candidate has joined the growing list of Democrats running for president. Former Vice President Joe Biden is the latest Democrat to announce his plan ...
Your Average American Joe,"Joe Biden's father led the high life as a young man: yachts, fast cars, polo. But his fortunes ran out, thanks to a few bad business deals. Eventually, he got a job ..."
Joe Biden Spotted in Scranton,"SCRANTON, Pa. — Former Vice President Joe Biden made a stop in his old hometown on Thursday. A homeowner in Scranton confirmed to Newswatch 16 that ..."
Joe Biden: I'm not sorry for any of my intentions,"Former Vice President Joe Biden, responding to allegations of inappropriately violating women's space, apologized for not understanding more, but says he is ..."
Joe Biden on handling of Anita Hill during Clarence Thomas hearings: 'I take responsibility',Former Vice President and 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden said he takes “responsibility” for Anita Hill's treatment when she testified before the Senate ...
Joe Biden's 2020 Ukrainian nightmare: A closed probe is revived | TheHill,Biden persuaded Ukraine to fire its prosecutor while he was investigating a natural gas firm that employed Biden's son on its board.
Meet 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden,Joe Biden is back on the campaign trail. Here's a quick look at the 2020 presidential contender.
Biden: Congress would have 'no alternative' to impeachment if Trump blocked Mueller probe,"Joe Biden argued in a new interview that Congress would have ""no alternative"" but to begin impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump if the President ..."
The Atlantic Politics & Policy Daily: Joe for Broke,"The former vice president is running for president—but last time around, President Obama favored Hillary Clinton. Plus: The acting White House chief of staff ..."
Biden's Campaign Kickoff Claims,Former Vice President Joe Biden kicked off his third campaign for president with a speech in Pittsburgh that contained a few false and misleading statements:.
"Biden calls for $15 minimum wage, public-option health plan in first campaign speech",Former Vice President Joe Biden endorsed a $15-an-hour federal minimum wage and an option for anyone to buy into Medicare in his first 2020 presidential...
Joe Biden spotted in hometown of Scranton with camera crew ahead of possible 2020 run,Here's a clue Joe Biden might be moving forward with a possible 2020 presidential run: The former vice president was spotted on Thursday in his hometown of ...
Joe Biden and the Apologies That Weren’t,"Politicians can make mistakes. People should be allowed to evolve. But first, they have to say they're sorry."
Joe Biden's handling of Anita Hill hearing re-emerges with latest controversy,"Former Vice President Joe Biden's efforts to fend off criticism about his touchy, intimate style with women has renewed scrutiny of his leadership in 1991 when ..."
"Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren and other 2020 hopefuls rush to secure union support as they woo workers in Democratic primary",Joe Biden and other 2020 Democratic presidential contenders are trying to secure crucial support from labor unions as they try to challenge President Donald ...
"Joe Biden Looms, but Bernie Sanders Is Running His Own Race","The Vermont senator has been the front-runner in early campaigning, but Mr. Biden's expected entry could change that. Mr. Sanders is not likely to care."
Joe Biden’s handling of Anita Hill’s harassment allegations clouds his presidential prospects,"Joe Biden, preparing to enter the 2020 presidential race, has spent years trying to make amends for his handling of the Anita Hill sexual harassment allegations."
Late-Night Hosts on Joe Biden Massage Claims Amid 2020 Prez Bid,"Joe Biden finally announced his presidential bid Thursday, and late-night hosts Trevor Noah ('The Daily Show') and Jimmy Fallon ('The Tonight Show') were ..."
"Biden,Sanders, and Trump are All in Their 70s","For decades, the Democrats' path to the presidency has been about offering something new. But the two front-runners are among the oldest candidates ever."
"Biden Has Successfully Goaded Trump, Which Is Exactly What He Needs to Do","The more the conversation surrounding Joe Biden's candidacy is about him vis-à-vis President Donald Trump than him vis-à-vis, say, Anita Hill, the better for Joe ..."
"Happening Today: Joe Biden, Putin-Kim, Measles, Screen Time, R. Kelly, Britney Spears","Get the top headlines of the day in your morning briefing from NBC 4 New York, Monday through Friday. Sign up for our newsletter here. Former VP Joe Biden ..."
Joe Biden at Penn opioid forum: 1980s crime bill 'big mistake',PHILADELPHIA — Former Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday once again expressed regret for the 1980s crime bill he cosponsored and said better security ...
Schneider: How I (inadvertently) helped Joe Biden ruin his first White House run | TheHill,Kinnock's video remains the most powerful political broadcast I have ever seen.
New York Gov. Cuomo says Biden 'can actually get something done' if he wins,"New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo publicly threw his support behind Democratic hopeful Joe Biden on Tuesday, knocking others in the party by saying Democratic ..."
"At Fritz Hollings' funeral, Joe Biden returns to a familiar role: eulogist","With his potential 2020 campaign announcement nearing, former Vice President Joe Biden returned to South Carolina on Tuesday not as an official presidential ..."
Has Joe Biden been caught in the crosshairs of his own hugs?: Phillip Morris,Mary Rose Oakar said one thing lingers in her memory. Joe Biden didn't protect Anita Hill. He helped feed her to the wolves.

Joe Biden: Can Obama's vice-president stay the Democratic frontrunner?,"It's been four weeks since Joe Biden announced he was running for president. Since then, in defiance of what was conventional wisdom, he's risen in the polls, ..."
Joe Biden is the front-runner by every measure — except big crowds,The former veep is leading the Democratic field in all the important categories except one.
How Joe Biden worked with and praised a longtime opponent of civil rights,"In August 1985, 42-year-old Delaware Sen. Joe Biden was preparing for his first presidential bid. Courting southern support, Biden traveled to Mississippi to ..."
'Let's Stop Fighting and Let's Start Fixing.' Joe Biden Settles on Election Theme,Former Vice President Joe Biden has had it with partisan gridlock and political games. He thinks he can still find a way to work with rival Republicans. And he ...
Where in the world is Joe Biden?,Joe Biden's campaign seems to believe that the adage from the story of the tortoise and the hare — “slow and steady wins the race” — is the secret to winning ...
Joe Biden responds to Trump's claim he 'deserted' Pennsylvania: 'I've never forgotten where I came from',"Joe Biden responded Tuesday to President Donald Trump's claim that the former vice president ""deserted"" Pennsylvania, a critical battleground state in the 2020 ..."
"Joe Biden Debuts Education Plan, Then Touts It to Teachers’ Union","Mr. Biden promoted the plan, the first policy of his campaign, at a town-hall event with the American Federation of Teachers in Houston on Tuesday."
Joe Biden: Breaking up Facebook deserves 'really hard look',"Former Vice President Joe Biden said Monday in an interview with The Associated Press that breaking up Facebook is ""something we should take a really hard ..."
Joe Biden Would Be a Disaster,Mehdi Hasan and Rebecca Traister discuss the trouble with “Uncle Joe.”
One Big Difference Between Biden and Every Other Recent Democratic Nominee,The former vice president wants to win on a backward-looking platform.
Joe Biden Looks to Make a Splash With Official 2020 Kickoff,Former Vice President Joe Biden's 2020 campaign is looking to make a splash with its official kickoff in Philadelphia on Saturday.
Why isn’t Joe Biden at the California Democratic convention?,"While most of the Democratic candidates for president will be in San Francisco this weekend for the state party convention, Joe Biden, the early front-runner, ..."
'They don’t make 'em like Joe anymore': Biden expands grip on congressional endorsements,"Former Vice President Joe Biden expanded his lead in congressional endorsements Thursday, landing the backing of second-term Rep. Al Lawson of Florida."
A parody website with embarrassing photos of Joe Biden is outranking his official campaign page on Google,Users are reporting that the former vice president's official 2020 campaign page is nowhere to be found on the first page of results for the search term “Joe Biden.
Why is Joe Biden running away with the Democratic presidential nomination?,"Like many political observers, I was more than a little surprised when former Vice President Joe Biden's campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination ..."
Why Joe Biden Is the Only True Progressive Candidate,"As the beneficiary of simultaneous attacks by both President Donald Trump from the right and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez from the left, former Vice ..."
Biden's strength fueled by perception of his electability,"COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — Twenty of his rivals have lined up to run for president, believing the race for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination was wide ..."
"‘There He Goes Again’? Not Yet, as Biden Avoids Major Gaffes","With aides enveloping him, Mr. Biden has not blurted anything out that delights his rivals or reinforces his image as America's there-he-goes-again relative."
"Biden goes light on policy, heavy on emotion","The former veep shows signs of rust in Iowa, but his supporters don't mind."
Is Joe Biden as Electable as He Says?,Implicit in Joe Biden's message is an argument that he is the strongest Democrat to challenge Trump on his record. But is it true?
Joe Biden’s campaign of limited exposure: How long can he keep it up?,The former vice president is holding far fewer public sessions than his rivals. Events may make that hard to sustain.
"As Biden Rakes In Big Money, Will There Be a Political Cost?","A couple of days before Joseph R. Biden Jr. announced his campaign for president, he spent 45 minutes on the phone with John Morgan, a major Florida ..."
Joe Biden Gets B on Climate Change from Greenpeace,Joe Biden got a B on a climate change report card ranking Democratic presidential candidates released by the liberal environmental group Greenpeace.
How Joe Biden could win the battle but lose the war to Trump in 2020,Cook Political Report's David Wasserman is challenging two broadly accepted understandings of the 2020 presidential race: that Joe Biden's moderation ...
Joe Biden’s surprising early strength,"Joe Biden is emerging as a human Treasury bond in a time of turmoil. That is, the favored instrument for nervous political investors searching for safety in an ..."
Florida takes shape as Joe Biden’s firewall,"MIAMI — Florida, with its hordes of older voters and establishment-oriented Democratic Party, doesn't just look like Biden Country. Judging from the initial ..."
Teflon Joe? Biden brushes off attacks | TheHill,"One month into his presidential run, former Vice President Joe Biden is topping national polls while showing a Teflon-like quality to survive criticism lobbed ..."
Biden's personal loss emerges as a touchstone on the campaign trail,Voters are sharing their own experiences with cancer and grief with the former vice president as he campaigns for the White House.
Democratic front-runner Joe Biden visits Houston Tuesday for teachers town hall,Former Vice President Joe Biden on Tuesday will make his first stop in Texas since announcing his 2020 campaign for the White House. Biden and his wife Jill ...
Joe Biden once said a fence was needed to stop 'tons' of drugs from Mexico,"Joe Biden once spoke about jailing employers who hire ""illegals,"" said sanctuary cities shouldn't be allowed to violate federal law, and argued a fence was ..."
How Does Obama Feel About Biden’s Candidacy? It’s Complicated.,"As former vice-president Joe Biden invokes his old boss in an effort to boost his lead in the Democratic primary, Barack Obama has his reasons for keeping his ..."
Biden represents the best and worst of his generation,Nayyera Haq is a host on SiriusXM Progress and CEO of an international communications firm. She served in the Obama administration as a senior adviser in ...
The evolution of Joe Biden,The issues that hurt Joe Biden in his last presidential race are helping him today.
Joe Biden and the Dixiecrats Who Helped His Career,"Vice President Joe Biden talked about his mentor James O. Eastland at a rally for Democrat Doug Jones in Birmingham, Ala., in 2017."
What Joe Biden Has in Common With Donald Trump,"Harold Meyerson on the candidates, Michael Ames on Bowe Bergdahl, and Laila Lalami on The Other Americans."
Biden plots an early kill,"Joe Biden is trying to snuff out his Democratic competitors before the race really gets going. Why it matters: By all accounts, Biden's strategy is working — even ..."
Trump says he 'smiled' when Kim Jong Un called Joe Biden 'a low IQ individual',"Biden had criticized Kim Jong Un as a ""dictator"" and a ""tyrant"" at a recent rally in Philadelphia. North Korean state media responded by calling Biden a ""fool of ..."
Why Joe Biden Isn't the Best Alternative to Trump,I don't dislike Joe Biden. He is reportedly a very decent man. I remember very fondly his friendship with Obama. Remember those memes about their friendship?
A decades-old feud looms over Biden and Warren in 2020,Joe Biden stormed into the Democratic primary with a laser focus on the man he wants to sweep out of the White House next year.
Report: Joe Biden Picks Philadelphia's Centre Square For Presidential Campaign Headquarters,"Joe Biden has chosen to run his 2020 presidential campaign out of Philadelphia, and reportedly will do so at an office across the street from City Hall."
A 'fool of low IQ': North Korea derides US presidential candidate Joe Biden,"North Korean state media has launched a stinging attack on the former United States vice president and current presidential candidate, Joe Biden, mocking him ..."
Joe Biden wins support of NH man he insulted in 1987,A Granite Stater who Joe Biden insulted while on the campaign trail in 1987 said he's 100 percent behind the former vice president's 2020 bid for the White ...
Joe Biden reflects on loss of son Beau at Memorial Day service in Delaware,"Joe Biden returned home to Delaware on Thursday, where he spoke at a veterans Memorial Day *service* in New Castle."
"Joe Biden eyes San Francisco fundraising tour, setting up a Bay Area battleground for 2020 Democratic dollars",Biden is getting ready to head to California's Bay Area for a fundraising tour that will include stops in San Francisco and Silicon Valley.
Biden Faces Conflict of Interest Questions That Are Being Promoted by Trump and Allies,"As vice president, Joe Biden played a key role in the dismissal of a Ukrainian prosecutor who had opened an investigation of a company employing Mr. Biden's ..."
Cable News Is Covering Biden As Much As Every Other Democratic Candidate Combined,"In the first full week of his 2020 campaign, former Vice President Joe Biden continued to dominate cable news coverage on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC."
Joe Biden: Be Proud of Your Crime Bill,"Joe Biden has been attacked by politicians on the left — and now, thanks to Donald Trump, on the right — for his role in shepherding the 1994 crime bill through ..."
Joe Biden to visit Nashville on 2020 campaign trail,Former Vice President Joe Biden plans to visit Nashville later this month.
Joe Biden prepares for New York fundraising blitz with Gov. Andrew Cuomo and short seller Jim Chanos,"Former Vice President Joe Biden is preparing for a June fundraising blitz in New York, where he will be joined by Gov. Andrew Cuomo and the investor Jim ..."
Special-Interest Money Is Still Rolling Into Joe Biden's PAC,"In his bid to become the Democratic presidential nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden pledged to reject contributions from lobbyists and corporate PACs."
"‘When Biden announced, everything changed’",It's campaign reset season for those in danger of falling behind in public opinion polls.
How Joe Biden is eating into Bernie Sanders' coalition,"Since officially jumping into the 2020 race less than two weeks ago, former Vice President Joe Biden has reshaped the Democratic primary. His polling numbers ..."
Democrats itching to take down Biden over free-trade past,Joe Biden's campaign kickoff was designed to showcase his blue-collar appeal: A rally at a Teamsters hall in Pittsburgh where he railed against Wall Street and ...
Will Old Folks Stick With Joe Biden?,"A big part of Joe Biden's strong base of support at present comes from his exceptional popularity among seniors, across racial and gender lines. But Hillary ..."
"Biden: Congress should protect abortion rights, if necessary","WASHINGTON (AP) — Joe Biden would support Congress enshrining abortion rights into federal law ""should it become necessary,"" his presidential campaign ..."
Is Biden’s Bounce Over?,"Based on recent surveys, there is evidence that while Biden remains in the lead, his post-announcement polling surge has leveled off."
That Time Joe Biden Lied About His Academic Credentials – Mother Jones,The presidential candidate bragged about graduating in the top half of his class at law school. He was 76th in a class of 85.
Joe Biden criticizes Kim Jong Un; North Korea calls Biden 'an imbecile',"SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korean state media slammed former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden for criticizing leader Kim Jong Un, calling the 2020 ..."
They worked for Obama. They’re not supporting Biden — yet.,"As Joe Biden seeks Barack Obama's third term, many of the former president's loyalists wait to see 'who lights a fire'."
Trump: Discussing a Biden probe with Barr would be 'appropriate',President Donald Trump told POLITICO on Friday that it would be “appropriate” for him to speak to Attorney General Bill Barr about launching an investigation ...
Fact-checking Biden's claim the '94 crime bill didn't cause mass incarceration,"During a campaign event in Nashua, New Hampshire on Tuesday, Democratic presidential frontrunner Joe Biden was asked about the 1994 crime bill he ..."
Joe Biden Won't Blame the Republicans for Trump. That Should Disqualify Him.,"Biden says Trump is the sole cause of America's political crisis — but in fact, the president is a symptom of the GOP's derangement."
Biden’s past praise for Dick Cheney gets attention amid 2020 campaign - Business Insider,"""I actually like Dick Cheney, for real,"" Biden said in 2015. ""I get on with him. I think he's a decent man."""
California health care union protests Joe Biden fundraiser,A health care union in California held a protest at a fundraiser for Joe Biden held at the home of a board member for Kaiser Permanente in Los Angeles ...
Joe Biden Wants to Make America Moral Again?,"The United States will require much correction in the wake of Donald Trump, should he be defeated and should he actually leave the presidency peacefully."
"14 Years Ago, Warren And Biden Battled Over Bankruptcy. Their Fight Still Defines A Party Rift","In 2005, then-Sen. Biden, along with most Republicans, favored an effort to make it more difficult to file for bankruptcy. Professor Warren opposed the bill."
"Trump's Japan trip: President blasts Biden, Democrats, Mueller while bringing politics to world stage","Trump doubled down on his criticism of Democrat Joe Biden, telling an international audience he agree with an insult from North Korea's Kim Jong Un."
Joe Biden would be a disaster for climate change,The Democratic contender for president provided details of his climate plan and it boils down to: business as usual.
Biden Backs Two Years of “Free” Community College - Education Next,"Joseph Biden, in his first campaign appearance in New Hampshire as a declared 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, says he would make two years of ..."
"Analyst: Biden's comments on China 'inexplicable, absolutely incorrect' | TheHill",Asia security analyst Gordon Chang criticized former Vice President and 2020 contender Joe Biden's recent comments appearing to downplay the competitive ...
"Ocasio-Cortez attacks Biden on climate change policy, Biden says he's 'never been middle of the road'","Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez goes after Former Vice President Joe Biden, although not by name, on his reported ""middle ground"" climate change policy."
Joe Biden Isn't Too Soft on America,"Joe Biden's entry into the race for the Democratic presidential nomination has opened up a division in the party, and it's not just about the candidates' ..."
‘China is going to eat our lunch?’: Biden dismisses Beijing as threat,"Some Republicans, however, have argued that Biden is underestimating the world's second-largest economy."
Joe Biden wants us to forget his past. We won't,"As times have changed, Biden's expressed retrospective misgivings about some of his earlier actions and stances. That's not enough."
Republican Conspiracy Theory About a Biden Scandal in Ukraine Is “Absolute Nonsense”,"The rumor that Joe Biden abused his power to protect his son's business interests in Ukraine is “absolute nonsense,” leading anti-corruption activist says."
Joe Biden and the Debate Over Apologies,Readers discuss the politics and psychology of saying “I'm sorry.”
Biden jokes he's only 'real Irishman' running for president. Delaney searches for 'civil' response,"WASHINGTON – Former Vice President Joe Biden's assertion that he is the only ""real Irishman"" running for president has led a fellow candidate to suggest they ..."
Everything We Know About the Joe Biden–Ukraine Controversy,"Hunter Biden, son of Joe Biden, is alleged to have benefited from his father putting pressure on Ukraine's top prosecutor when he was vice-president. At least ..."
Joe Biden's Audacity of Grief,On the mournful threads connecting his half-century in politics.
Joe Biden to visit South Carolina May 4 for campaign stop,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden will visit South Carolina on Saturday, May 4, for a campaign stop in the state's capital. Biden, a former Senator and ..."
Joe Biden's big money problem,"Joe Biden is having no trouble raising money. In just one single evening last Wednesday, he raked in a cool $700,000 at a California fundraiser, where he ..."
Ukraine Prosecutor Says No Evidence of Wrongdoing by Bidens,"Ukraine's prosecutor general said in an interview that he had no evidence of wrongdoing by U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden or his son, ..."
Biden under pressure from environmentalists on climate plan | TheHill,"Former Vice President Joe Biden is expected to unveil his climate change plan any day now, and he's under increasing pressure from environmentalists who ..."
Joe Biden's son advised crooked Romanian businessman sentenced for corruption,Former Vice President Joe Biden's son Hunter once worked with a Romanian businessman who was convicted and imprisoned following an investigation over ...
Was Joe Biden a climate change pioneer in Congress? History says yes,"Joe Biden may not be the most progressive candidate in the crowded Democratic primary field. But one thing is for certain: Among 2020 presidential candidates, ..."
How Joe Biden’s Policies Made the Opioid Crisis Harder to Treat,"For decades, he promoted the War on Drugs. Now, experts say Biden's laws ended up worsening the opioid epidemic in the very places he says he can win in ..."
Former NJ Governor Jim Florio To Endorse Joe Biden Because He's 'Most Electable Democratic Candidate for President',"Former EPA Regional Administrator Alan J. Steinberg shares conversations with former Governor Jim Florio, who says that Donald Trump is unfit to be president ..."
"Mike Pence: If Buttigieg wins nomination, 'we’ll have a lot more to say about him'","WASHINGTON – Vice President Mike Pence wagged his finger at Democratic presidential hopeful Pete Buttigieg in a Fox News interview that aired Monday, but ..."
Game On! Joe Biden Vs. Mayor Pete For Hollywood Cash This Week,"In a packed field of Democrats seeking the party's nomination to take on Donald Trump, Joe Biden and Pete Buttigieg are in L.A. this week."
Why Joe Biden needs Libertarians [Opinion],Joe Biden has already taken a markedly different tack than the multitude of top-tier Democratic challengers. Biden has touted his bipartisan credentials and cited ...
Why the alleged Joe Biden ‘Ukraine conspiracy’ doesn’t hold up,Rudy Giuliani didn't bother to look into the details before accusing the former vice president of untoward behavior.
North Korea State Media Calls Joe Biden 'A Fool of Low IQ',"North Korean state media on Wednesday attacked 2020 presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden, calling him ""a fool of low IQ.""."
2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden speaks to supporters in Columbia,2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden speaks to supporters in Columbia.
"I Support Anita Hill, and Joe Biden, Too",He is hardly blameless for the failures of the Clarence Thomas hearings. But he does not deserve all the criticism he is getting.
Jill Biden Says 'It's Time To Move On' From Anita Hill Controversy,"The wife of 2020 Democratic candidate Joe Biden spoke to NPR about her new book, Where The Light Enters, reflecting on her life with the former vice ..."
"UB Foundation paid Joe Biden $200000 for October speech at UB, contract shows","The UB Foundation paid former Vice President Joe Biden $200000 for his October 2018 speech in Alumni Arena, according to documents The Spectrum ..."
Jimmy Kimmel Predicts Biden Won’t Sell Many ‘MAMA’ Hats,"'Make America Moral Again' is a nice sentiment, but it is an absolutely terrible hat,” Jimmy Kimmel said of Joe Biden's answer to the Trump slogan."
Here's How Deep Biden's Busing Problem Runs,"In the summer of 1974, the freshman Senator Joe Biden found himself under siege from white suburbanites at a meeting just south of Wilmington, Del."
Presidential Candidate Joe Biden Gets Tacos With LA Mayor Garcetti,"Plus, a vegan bakery in Frogtown, a MAGA hat in Cafe Gratitude, and a new winery in Long Beach."
2020 candidates Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders respond to Trump’s tariffs,"The messy 2020 politics of President Trump's trade war, explained."

The pressure is on Joe Biden after first debate: 'He knows he has to do better',"Washington (CNN) Joe Biden knew it before, but it's unquestionably true now: The burden is on him to prove he's the front-runner in the Democratic presidential ..."
Joe Biden Called Cory Booker. But Apologize? It’s Not the Biden Way.,Joseph R. Biden Jr. has spent the early weeks of his third presidential bid doing a lot of pushing back. What he hasn't done is is bow to critics and apologize.
Joe Biden's segregationist comments loom large as 2020 Democrats gather in South Carolina,"When Joe Biden entered the race a few months ago, he looked like an unquestioned frontrunner here -- far outpacing the rest of the Democratic field with his ..."
"Once the poorest senator, ‘Middle Class Joe’ Biden has reaped millions in income since leaving the vice presidency",Biden bought one multimillion-dollar home and rented another. A book deal and dozens of highly paid speeches placed him in a more rarefied world than he ...
Joe Biden heads to Iowa as frontrunner status is tested,"Former Vice President Joe Biden returns to Iowa this week, where his status as the front-runner for the 2020 Democratic nomination will be tested as he ..."
Joe Biden is Donald Trump,"Electing someone who wants to bring back pre-2016 America isn't just unsatisfactory, it's a threat."
Joe Biden Is on Top of the Democratic Primary Field. How Does He Stay There?,"Before Joe Biden announced his presidential campaign, the former vice president privately worried about the fundamentals. Could he raise the money needed ..."
Joe Biden announces massive $20 million raised as first debate approaches,Joe Biden revealed Monday that his campaign may have raised nearly $20 million since the former vice president entered the 2020 race -- a figure that would ...
Why Joe Biden Thinks He Can Ignore His Many Democratic Rivals,Mr. Biden is betting that his widespread name recognition and early poll results free him to focus on President Trump — and brush off his 22 Democratic ...
Why Joe Biden should answer for his record from decades ago,"In the 1970s and 1980s, he helped pull the Democratic Party to the right. Will he do so again?"
Joe Biden Has Been in High-Pressure Debates Before. But Never Like This,Joe Biden has never been in such a strong position to capture the Democratic nomination. But will his debate performance help or hurt him?
Joe Biden remains publicly mum about upset over his remarks about segregationist senators,"COLUMBIA, S.C. — Former vice president Joe Biden for the second day on Friday publicly ignored a controversy over comments he made this week bragging ..."
Joe Biden just had the worst week of his 2020 campaign - Business Insider,It wouldn't be hyperbolic to say the past few days have been the worst of former Vice President Joe Biden's campaign.
2020 race: Joe Biden will never give up on the system,"“Any day of the week you can read or hear about the lamentable state of our nation's politics, about our bitter and partisan party divisions, about the regrettable ..."
What Joe Biden Is Revealing About Democrats,"More than a month has passed since former Vice President Joe Biden announced he is running for the Democratic presidential nomination, effectively rounding ..."
"Democratic Candidates Go After Joe Biden, but Not by Name","Even when criticizing his particular views, like his support of the Hyde Amendment, Mr. Biden's rivals have avoided calling him out directly."
Can Joe Biden be the future and the past?,"He promises a return to normalcy, to a pre-Trump America. But can he also be a true change agent against the disrupter-in-chief?"
Biden’s First Run for President Was a Calamity. Some Missteps Still Resonate.,"In 1988, Joe Biden was prone to embellishment. Hints of that linger today. But unlike then, his message to voters is clear: He's a stabilizing statesman in a ..."
When a young Joe Biden used his opponent's age against him,"In 1972, the future vice president ran on a platform of generational change against an older Republican incumbent."
Joe Biden keeps stepping in it – and voters couldn’t care less,Joe Biden's all-too-friendly touching of women in the MeToo era was supposed to be toxic to his presidential campaign. Critics thought his flip flop on subsidized ...
Joe Biden to See Sharp Knives on Crowded Debate Stage,Former Vice President Joe Biden will be the main target for his presidential-primary rivals as he takes center stage this week in his first 2020 Democratic debate.
Biden rejects 'old guy' label at Bay Area fundraiser,"Biden, who is 76, is the second oldest Democratic candidate."
Attack Biden in the debate? Dem rivals might think twice,Democrats' high praise of the former vice president could come back to haunt them.
Trump Consultant Is Trolling Democrats With Biden Site That Isn’t Biden’s,"AUSTIN, Tex. — For much of the last three months, the most popular Joseph R. Biden Jr. website has been a slick little piece of disinformation that is designed to ..."
‘Lock the S.O.B.s Up’: Joe Biden and the Era of Mass Incarceration,He now plays down his role overhauling crime laws with segregationist senators in the '80s and '90s. That portrayal today is at odds with his actions and rhetoric ...
How Will Joe Biden Debate? Some Clues From 2008,"The first Democratic presidential primary debate of the 2008 campaign was consumed by the vote to authorize the Iraq War, whether to continue to fund it, Hillary ..."
"Joe Biden calls on fundraisers to raise up to $100,000 to join his 2020 finance committee","The campaign pitches donors and fundraisers a chance to be one of Biden's ""most dedicated supporters"" and to help ""fuel a professional and inclusive ..."
Why Joe Biden had to work with segregationists,"At Thursday's Democratic debate, former vice president Joe Biden came under even more fire for bragging about his ability to work with southern segregationists ..."
Does Biden Believe in the Biden Campaign?,"From the moment Joe Biden announced his presidential campaign, he's been the clear polling leader among Democratic candidates and the one best ..."
Why Joe Biden’s Decades in the Senate Could Hurt His 2020 Presidential Bid,Biden faces the same pitfalls as other ambitious senators who have found that their experience and record can be a liability.
How to Beat Joe Biden,"Where politicians are concerned, especially aging and garrulous ones, it may be a mistake to attribute to strategy what can be chalked up to simple fecklessness ..."
Biden Opposed Busing Despite Other Civil Rights Advocacy,"In defending his comments about working with segregationists, Joe Biden cited his record on civil rights and his relationship with Ted Kennedy. But he didn't ..."
Biden’s divergence from other candidates on display at poverty-fighting event,The gap between former vice president Joe Biden and more liberal candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination was on display Monday before ...
Joe Biden goes south,"Former Vice President Joe Biden ignored my warning to stay out of sight for the first six months of the presidential primary campaign, and instead has stepped ..."
Biden blasted for comments on segregationist senators,Former Vice President Joe Biden is facing criticism for pointing to two segregationist senators as examples of colleagues he could work with during an era where ...
Lemon: I understand what Joe Biden was trying to say,CNN's Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon discuss Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden's remarks that drew strong criticism from his 2020 Democratic rivals.
Joe Biden Doesn’t Look So Electable in Person,"He may be a likable white man, but his performance on the trail doesn't inspire confidence."
Why Joe Biden still has plenty of work to do with black voters,"The former vice president has a big lead with a crucial Democratic voting bloc. But in a field with plenty of options, that support is far from permanent."
Joe Biden is a candidate of the oligarchy. Democratic primary voters will see through him.,Joe Biden's 'humble roots' shtick has got to go. He is not a friend of the average American and voters will see the real impact of his record.
Joe Biden tries and fails to keep the press at bay,"All is not well in Bidenland. At a fundraiser on Tuesday night, he brought up his past working relationships with James Eastland and Herman Talmadge, two ..."
Swalwell urges Biden to 'pass the torch' to new generation,"Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) urged former Vice President Joe Biden to ""pass the torch"" to a new generation during night two of the first Democratic debate of the ..."
Joe Biden’s Glide vs. Elizabeth Warren’s Grind,"Speaking separately at a forum focused on the poor on Monday, Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren somehow managed to use strikingly similar vernacular when ..."
Joe Biden described being an 'odd man out' with Democrats on abortion in 2006 interview,"Former Vice President Joe Biden described himself in 2006 as an ""odd man out"" within his own party on the issue of abortion, saying he made all sides angry ..."
Joe Biden probably won’t stop making comments some people find sexist - Business Insider,Former vice president Joe Biden's 2020 presidential campaign has been dogged by questions about the candidate's approach to women since before he ...
Kamala Harris confronts Joe Biden on debate stage,Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) confronted former Vice President Joe Biden on his recent remarks defending his work with segregationist senators.
"Joe Biden didn't just compromise with segregationists. He fought for their cause in schools, experts say.","Joe Biden helped give America the language that is still used to oppose school integration today, legislative and education history experts say."
Joe Biden on Abortion and the Hyde Amendment,"For all Joseph R. Biden Jr.'s efforts to focus his campaign on the economy and the middle class, he has been unable to escape his past views on more ..."
Biden sidesteps questions about his son's foreign business dealings but promises ethics pledge,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden declined to answer questions on the campaign trail this week about his son's overseas business dealings in ...
Biden’s mission: Don’t punch down,"In past debates, Biden has knocked it out of the park. But this time he's the central target on a crowded stage and he's been coached to avoid conflict."
"At Debate, Biden Said He Got GOP to Raise Taxes. It Was BS",It didn't take long for the political classes to decide that the biggest loser in part two of the first Democratic primary debate was former Vice President Joe Biden.
Biden defends crime bill amid criticism from Democratic foes and Trump,Joe Biden is defending what many Democrats see as all but indefensible: the 1994 crime bill.
"Joe Biden Says He Can Work With the Senate. The Last Time He Tried, Mitch McConnell Picked His Pockets Badly.","As the year 2012 wound down, Democrats hopefully eyed what looked to be one of the last opportunities for genuine legislative progress in a divided ..."
Joe Biden is facing fundraising struggles in Silicon Valley,Joe Biden's fundraising roster in Silicon Valley skews older and does not seem to capture much of the new wealth and influence created by today's hot tech ...
Joe Biden’s behavior with girls and women draws scrutiny,"Recent incidents have sparked controversy, but some voters may like Joe Biden just the way he is."
Cory Booker shuts down Joe Biden: This is what I know,"Democratic presidential candidate Cory Booker responds to rival Joe Biden, who said Booker should apologize to him after the New Jersey senator sharply ..."
The qualities that made Joe Biden an effective running mate in 2008 hurt his 2020 presidential bid | Opinion,"In order to win the presidency, Biden needs to shed the very attributes and talents that once placed him a heartbeat away from it."
Joe Biden on Crime and Mass Incarceration,"During the '80s and '90s, Mr. Biden helped shepherd a string of bills that transformed the criminal justice system — and, experts say, hurt America's black ..."
Is Joe Biden the Wrong Man at the Wrong Time?,"In early 2015, it seemed obvious to most political observers (including me) that Jeb Bush was the most likely Republican presidential nominee. He may not have ..."
Amazon to Joe Biden: We pay all the taxes we owe,"Joe Biden jumped into the debate over corporate taxes with a jab at Amazon on Thursday, and Amazon jabbed back."
'Not in Seattle!' Joe Biden catches flak for 'gay waiter' comment at campaign fundraiser,"Joe Biden said five years ago people would have let someone making ""fun of a gay waiter"" slide, prompting people to shout ""Not in Seattle!"" Saturday."
Biden: Our Latin America policies are morally bankrupt. Mine reflect American values,"Former Vice President Joe Biden called out President Trump.'s Latin America policies, saying they drive immigration to the US. The 2020 Democratic candidate ..."
How Joe Biden Becomes Unstoppable,"After the first debate, Joe Biden is still polling as the front runner in the 2020 Democratic primary. Here is some math proving there is a way for him to win the ..."
Former Vice President Joe Biden Stops in San Francisco for Campaign Fundraiser,Friday could be all about damage control for former Vice President Joe Biden as his debate performance could be costing him campaign dollars.
Joe Biden and Yet Another 'Biden-ism',"The problem with a lifetime in public *service* is a lifetime in public *service*. Enter Joe Biden, whose list of former offices and distinctions exceeds my word limit, ..."
"Biden 2020 surges after South Carolina, but is he too late?","The 2020 Democratic primary was Biden's to lose, and he nearly lost it. After a big win in South Carolina, Super Tuesday looms. Here's how he can retake the ..."
LISTEN: Biden Supported A Constitutional Amendment To End Mandated Busing In 1975,"In an NPR interview, a young Sen. Joe Biden was asked about whether he would support a constitutional amendment to limit court-ordered busing ""if it can't be ..."
Trump accuses Joe Biden of lying about asking Obama not to endorse him - Business Insider,"In a new interview with The Hill, President Donald Trump made an unfounded claim that former President Barack Obama was not endorsing his former vice ..."
"The controversial 1994 crime law that Joe Biden helped write, explained",Joe Biden has taken credit for the 1994 crime law. But critics say the law contributed to mass incarceration.
Joe Biden's controversial history with school busing,"Joe Biden's road to a third presidential bid has been lined with a series of explanations and apologies, illustrating the challenges of preparing a long record of ..."
"For Joe Biden, Friendship Is Magic",His praise of white supremacists is not a blunder but a key to his clubby worldview.
Biden defends 1994 crime bill,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden is defending the 1994 crime bill despite many Democrats saying the bill is now indefensible. CNN's Jeff Zeleny ...
Joe Biden vs. Bernie Sanders: Second Debate Puts Rivals on Full Display,Poll front runners revival vs. revolution strategies highlighted during the second night of the Democratic debate.
Biden says impeachment of Trump could happen 'very quickly',Former Vice President Joe Biden – in some of his strongest language to date – argued that Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives who are ...
"Joe Biden to tap big donors at Seattle-area fundraisers, including Microsoft and Amazon execs","Jim Brunner. Seattle Times staff reporter. *Fresh* off a shaky performance at his first Democratic presidential primary debate, former Vice President Joe Biden will ..."
Joe Biden Repeatedly Requested the Same Pasta Dinner Throughout His Speaking Tour,"After leaving office, the former vice president went on a public appearance tour where he requested the same angel hair pasta dinner at every stop."
"Joe Biden: If I'm elected, we're going to cure cancer","At a campaign rally, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden told the crowd that if he is elected President, ""we're going to cure cancer."" CNN's Kate Bolduan ..."
"Trump says he'd rather face Biden, isn't prepared to lose","COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — President Donald Trump said Sunday that he'd prefer to run for re-election against Joe Biden, suggesting that the former vice president ..."
Biden appears to be softening his stance on the death penalty,Joe Biden said in a 1992 speech that criminal justice legislation he was pushing was so strict that “we do everything but hang people for jaywalking.” Two years ...
Joe Biden’s Haunted Legacy in Iraq,Biden's long and contentious record in the country opens a window onto his foreign policy—and an identity crisis in the Democratic Party. This is the definitive ...
Millionaires say they are more likely to vote for Joe Biden over Donald Trump in 2020 elections,"American millionaires would elect Joe Biden over President Donald Trump if the former vice president becomes the Democratic nominee, according the CNBC ..."
Echoes of Biden’s 1987 plagiarism scandal continue to reverberate,"More than 30 years ago, a Biden run for president ended amid allegations over using material without attribution. Now, his current campaign is accused of doing ..."
Donald Trump Jr. mocks Joe Biden for vowing to cure cancer if elected president,"As he warmed up the crowd at his father's reelection campaign kickoff Tuesday night, Donald Trump Jr. mocked Democratic White House hopeful Joe Biden for ..."
When Joe Biden Was the Candidate of the Young,"A little more than a week before Election Day 1972, readers of Wilmington, Delaware's major newspapers were greeted with a series of advertisements from ..."
2020 election: Joe Biden's climate change revolution plan shows he's not moderate material,Joe Biden's climate change channeling the Green New Deal plan shows he is no moderate candidate for the 2020 presidential election.
Where Does Joe Biden Stand On Student Loan Debt?,There are over 20 Democratic candidates running for President – and it's quickly becoming one of the largest fields of presidential contenders in history. Student ...
Joe Biden visits historic Stonewall Inn gay bar,Former vice president and current 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden was spotted taking photos at the historic West Village LGBTQ bar.
Van Jones: Joe Biden's answer was heartbreaking,CNN's Van Jones criticizes Joe Biden for his answer supporting states' rights during NBC's Democratic presidential debate.
"Histrionics, Hysteria and Joe Biden",Will the Democratic Party banish its democratic instincts?
Biden campaign's self-inflicted error is one it can't really afford,"Biden campaign is guilty of political malpractice for lifting words for its policy plans, a mistake the Democratic frontrunner can ill afford."
Joe Biden And The Disappearing America,Joe Biden's presidential campaign sometimes seems like a promise to restore us to the Obama years. But what's been lost? And when did we have it?
Billionaire GOP donor and Trump supporter says he rejected Joe Biden's request for fundraising help,Democratic frontrunner Joe Biden on Monday appealed to a billionaire Republican donor for fundraising help in his presidential campaign. But the financier ...
Joe Biden goes after Amazon on the campaign trail - Business Insider,"Former Vice President Joe Biden said he has ""nothing against Amazon,"" but the company should ""pay a few taxes."""
Mayor Bottoms endorses Joe Biden in 2020 Democratic race,"Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms is endorsing Democrat Joe Biden for president in 2020, providing crucial support from a high-profile black female political ..."
"Biden's track record on busing: In 1977, he called it a 'bankrupt policy'","During a news conference on June 28, 1977, then-Sen. Joe Biden, explaining his views on busing, said it was harmful to the civil rights movement in America."
"Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren Bankruptcy Fight Could Come Back In Debates",What a testy 2005 fight between Harvard professor Elizabeth Warren and Delaware Sen. Joe Biden can tell us about the two 2020 presidential candidates.
"What ""The West Wing"" reveals about Joe Biden","There's a lot to like about President Josiah Bartlet, Aaron Sorkin's commander in chief in ""The West Wing,"" says Elie Mystal, so striking similarities between ..."
I'm Sorry Joe Biden Sends So Many Emails | Peter Funt,Silly me. I thought one advantage of having a 76-year-old Democrat running for president is that his campaign would be refreshingly old school: a few lawn signs ...
"Democrats, Give Biden a Break",The pile-on over James Eastland epitomizes everything that's wrong with politics.
"Don’t Look Now, but Joe Biden Is Beating Trump in Texas","It's no surprise, as a new Quinnipiac poll reveals, that Joe Biden is leading the Democratic primary race in Texas. After all, the former vice president is leading ..."
Booker makes clear how he differs from Biden on gun licensing,Washington (CNN) New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker had a response Sunday for former Vice President Joe Biden after his 2020 competitor expressed some ...

Why Joe Biden’s Age Worries Some Democratic Allies and Voters,"Mr. Biden's halting performance at the June debate has stirred unease among some Democrats about his age, 76. They are looking for reassurance from his ..."
Why Joe Biden's Campaign is Struggling,Former Vice President Joe Biden is quite a fragile front runner as he struggles through a rocky 2020 Democratic nomination campaign rollout.
Joe Biden Wants to Take America Back to a Time Before Trump,"On a warm, overcast Thursday afternoon last October, I was throwing a Frisbee to my dog while trying to watch my daughter's field-hockey game when Joe Biden ..."
Joe Biden Accidentally Told People to Visit 'Joe 30330.' The Internet Responded Accordingly,Joe Biden mistakenly told viewers of the Democratic debate to 'go to Joe 30330' after the debate. Here's what he meant to say.
Why Joe Biden’s First Campaign for President Collapsed After Just 3 Months,The race for the 2020 nomination isn't Biden's first bid for the White House. Here's what to know on the scandal that stopped his first try.
Former Vice President Joe Biden lays out his vision on foreign policy in NY speech,"Former Vice President Joe Biden, in a speech unveiling his foreign policy plank on Thursday, drew a sharp contrast with President Donald Trump's approach to ..."
Joe Biden raised $21.5 million in the second quarter for the 2020 presidential race,"Joe Biden, the former vice president, raised $21.5 million in the second quarter for his bid to win the 2020 Democratic nomination for president and unseat ..."
Is Joe Biden too old to be president?,"Joe Biden is 76 years old. If he wins the White House in 2020, he will be 78 years old when he takes office."
"Joe and Jill Biden made more than $15 million in two years after leaving the White House, tax returns show","Joe Biden and his wife Jill took in more than $15 million in the two years after the former vice president left the Obama administration, according to tax returns ..."
Why Progressives Think Joe Biden Is Not 'Electable',"Progressive activists see 2020 as a chance to take control of the Democratic Party. They don't agree on who the best leader would be, but fear the former vice ..."
Is Joe Biden ‘Too Old’?,Joe Biden is looking for that sweet spot between “wise” and “over the hill.” That can be hard to find when your voting record is older than some of the other ...
"Joe Biden invokes Obama to defend record, says he's sorry for remarks on working with segregationists",Joe Biden in a speech on Saturday invoked his time as vice president to Barack Obama to mount a vigorous defense of his record on issues of race and also ...
"Joe Biden taught me about loss and love. Now, he can teach us how to make a graceful exit.","Joe Biden was my teenage hero and midlife role model, but he is out of step on race, gender. He can still avoid ending his last chapter in disgrace."
"How Joe Biden, who called himself 'the poorest man in Congress,' became a multimillionaire",The years since Joe Biden left the vice presidency in 2017 fattened his wallet before his run in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary.
"What is Joe30330? Biden misspeaks while pitching his text number for voters, college student pounces","Joe Biden misspoke in his closing statement at Wednesday's Democratic debate, mistakenly telling voters to go to Joe30330, rather than “text Joe30330.”."
The poignant but complicated friendship of Joe Biden and Barack Obama,"The tweet was full of longing. On National Best Friends Day in June, Joe Biden posted a Barack and Joe friendship bracelet on his 2020 campaign Twitter ..."
"Mike Pence, Christian right made 'Faustian bargain’ with Donald Trump, Joe Biden says","Former Vice President Joe Biden, who was in town Thursday to speak at the National Urban League conference, gave an exclusive interview to IndyStar."
Joe Biden releases plan aimed at helping rural America,"Manning, Iowa (CNN) Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden released a plan Tuesday focusing on helping rural America through economic initiatives, ..."
Biden and His ‘Bidenisms.’ You Might Hear Them in the Debate Tonight.,Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.'s phrases can vary from speech to speech. Here are some of his most recognizable ones.
Cory Booker promised to run a positive campaign. Now he's prepping for a standoff with Biden at the next debate,Can one candidate be a lover and a fighter? Sen. Cory Booker thinks so — but his theory could be put to the test next week.
‘Joe Biden needs to atone’: Ex-veep braces for debate pile-on,Joe Biden spent much of his career carving out an image as a tough-on-crime Democrat. But few who watch the second presidential debate are likely to get that ...
"Joe Biden is running as the anti-Trump candidate, that failed in 2016 - Business Insider",Joe Biden is selling himself as the anti-Trump candidate. But Hillary Clinton had a similar strategy in 2016 that failed.
The Bro-iness of Joe Biden,The leading Democratic presidential contender could benefit from being less resistant toward his critics.
"Joe Biden: After my family's car accident, health care became personal for me","Joe Biden writes that after his family's car accident and his son's death from brain cancer, the issue of health care became personal to him. He determined it was ..."
‘He realizes now that he screwed up’: Biden scrambles to recover from debate flop,Even the former veep's supporters wonder whether he can exercise the discipline necessary to execute a debate plan Wednesday.
Joe Biden's soft polling underbelly just got exposed,There's only one takeaway from the new CNN-SSRS poll of the 2020 Democratic field: Joe Biden may not be the race's front-runner for much longer.
Joe Biden’s politics can be explained by Delaware’s shadowy past,Delaware is a lot more like the U.S. than early-voting Iowa or New Hampshire. Biden's rise says a lot about how Democrats can win and lose.
How Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden plans to increase Social Security benefits,"Biden, the leading Democratic presidential candidate, has unveiled a plan for Social Security that would prevent the eldest workers from running out of money ..."
Joe Biden says his campaign is 'not a continuation' of the Obama administration,"Presidential candidate Joe Biden tried to distance his campaign from the Obama administration on Wednesday. ""This is not a continuation of Barack's ..."
"Joe Biden, Closet Republican","It didn't come to me right away, but finally I recognized the model for Joe Biden's unusual campaign, the former president whose pitch Biden's most closely ..."
Joe Biden in 1987: ‘We (Delawareans) Were on the South’s Side in the Civil War’,"Since entering the presidential race, former Vice President Joe Biden has faced repeated questions about past statements he's made criticizing school busing, ..."
Biden campaign pays former Clinton and Obama speech coach the day after rough debate performance,"Joe Biden's campaign pays a prominent, longtime Democratic speech coach the day after the former vice president's widely criticized performance in the first ..."
How Joe Biden Became the Democrats’ Anti-Busing Crusader,"With a school desegregation lawsuit roiling Delaware in the 1970s, Mr. Biden led an effort in the Senate to end court-ordered busing."
"Cory Booker, Joe Biden Spar Over 1994 Crime Bill And 'Stop And Frisk'",Former Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Cory Booker went head-to-head over their records on criminal justice on the second night of the Democratic ...
Biden: This is what I'm looking for in a running mate,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden sits down with CNN's Chris Cuomo to discuss his positions on hot-button issues like immigration and health care ...
Trump Intensifies Feud With Joe Biden,President Donald Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden are intensifying their high-stakes duel in what amounts to a preview of the 2020 general-election ...
Joe Biden makes campaign stop in South L.A.,"During a campaign stop, former Vice President Joe Biden served breakfast to community and faith leaders in South Los Angeles."
How Joe Biden would address agriculture and rural issues,The plan aims to make American agriculture the first in the world to achieve net-zero emissions.
"Sanders and Biden Fight Over Health Care, and It’s Personal","Unfortunately, he is sounding like Donald Trump,” Senator Bernie Sanders said of Joe Biden, as the two Democratic candidates spar over one of the most ..."
'That's Not Hyperbole!': A Guide to Joe Biden's Favorite Sayings,"During his decades in public office, Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. developed a unique set of phrases, dubbed “Bidenisms” by his close observers."
New details revealed about Biden's busing record: Why was he so strongly opposed?,"Biden ""will not allow anyone or anything to stop him from getting the word home ... that he is the anti-busing messiah,"" an aide to Sen. Birch Bayh told his boss in ..."
Joe Biden: A theater critic reviews his performance style,"Politics is theater. Our chief critic, Peter Marks, brings his analytical eye to the campaign trail, reviewing another of the front-runners as he winds through Iowa."
Jill Biden: This is when I knew Joe needed to run,"Former Vice President Joe Biden and his wife, Jill Biden, sit down with CNN's Chris Cuomo to discuss his 2020 presidential run."
Why Joe Biden is wrong,"Americans should not seek 'middle ground' with those who support racist, anti-democratic policies."
Three Drama Lessons from Joe Biden,"In yesterday's edition of the Washington Post, their chief drama critic, Peter Marks, did a video review of Joe Biden's performance as a candidate from a theatrical ..."
Joe Biden’s cancer nonprofit suspends operations indefinitely,"The Biden Cancer Initiative, a nonprofit group launched by former vice president Joe Biden, announced Monday that it is indefinitely suspending operations."
Biden promises to end 'forever wars' as president,"NEW YORK (AP) — Joe Biden promised on Thursday his White House would end ""forever wars"" and reassert American leadership to combat authoritarianism ..."
Biden and de Blasio square off over Obama-era deportations,New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio hammers former Vice President Joe Biden on deportations that took place during the Obama administration.
Biden: I wasn't prepared for how Harris came at me,"Former Vice President Joe Biden speaks to CNN's Chris Cuomo about his performance in the first Democratic debate, saying he wasn't prepared for the way ..."
Joe Biden: Its time to pick up our heads and remember who in God’s name we are!,"WATERLOO, Iowa — “Can I get a picture with you?” The man with the dazzling smile says “Sure!” and grabs the woman's iPhone, holds it at arm's length, ..."
"Exclusive: Joe Biden on Obamacare and Medicare for All: 'Starting over would be, I think, a sin'","Joe Biden says he opposes fellow Democratic presidential contenders' push for a ""Medicare for All"" program because such an overhaul of the nation's health ..."
"Joe Biden’s campaign office opens in Philly with a protest, not a party | Clout","Former Vice President Joe Biden, proud son of Pennsylvania, made a pretty big deal about basing his campaign headquarters here in Philadelphia."
Is Joe Biden 2020’s Jeb Bush?,Let's face it. It's not a question you want to hear anyone asking about you.
Biden calls criticism of Obamacare 'a bunch of malarkey',Former Vice President Joe Biden and NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio get into a heated exchange over healthcare during the second night of CNN's Democratic ...
Joe Biden's past work with segregationist senators is a deal breaker - Business Insider,A plurality of both Democratic voters and Americans overall said they wouldn't vote for a 2020 candidate who compromised with segregationist lawmakers.
Putting Joe Biden’s L.A. Visit in Context,"Monday: Checking on the presidential race, digging into a slowing in Chinese investment; and an unusual Los Feliz house is on the market."
Joe Biden lines up backing from Paramount CEO after losing bundler in wake of debate performance,Paramount Pictures CEO Jim Gianopulos has offered to help former Vice President Joe Biden in the battle for fundraising supremacy in the 2020 Democratic ...
Democratic presidential candidates criticize immigration raids as protesters confront Biden,"After President Trump earlier this week announced plans for mass arrests of migrants across the country, Democratic presidential candidates went on the attack ..."
Joe Biden compares Trump to segregationist George Wallace,"Joe Biden, a former U.S. vice president and Democratic presidential candidate, compared Republican President Donald Trump on Friday to the late George ..."
Protesters Target Joe Biden on Deportation and Bill De Blasio on Eric Garner During Democratic Debate,"Direct action by protesters disrupted and energized the Democratic debate in Detroit, forcing Bill de Blasio and Joe Biden to defend their records."
Biden: I'm opposed to Dems who want to dismantle ACA,"In an interview with CNN's Chris Cuomo, former vice president Joe Biden says he opposes fellow Democratic presidential contenders' push for a ""Medicare for ..."
Joe Biden unveils health care proposal,CNN's Jessica Dean breaks down the detail of former Vice President Joe Biden's proposed health care plan amid an escalating fight with some of his 2020 ...
"Biden spends Sunday in Lowcountry, hosts Charleston town hall event","CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCIV) — Former Vice President Joe Biden spent Sunday morning attending services at the Morris Brown AME Church where he gave ..."
Biden pledges to pick a public school teacher for education secretary,Houston (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden pledged Friday that if elected president he will nominate a public school teacher for education secretary.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris reignite battle over busing,"During the second night of CNN's Democratic debate, Senator Kamala Harris (D-CA) and former Vice President Joe Biden reignite their debate over racial ..."
Kirsten Gillibrand called out Joe Biden’s 1981 child care views at Democratic debate,"At Wednesday's Democratic debate, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand brought up a 1981 op-ed in which Joe Biden said expanding tax credits for child care would cause ..."
Joe Biden represents status quo that Americans want to break out of: Bill de Blasio,Democratic presidential candidate and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said that former Vice President Joe Biden represents the status quo and that ...
Kamala Harris and Joe Biden set to face off again in second round of Democratic debates,"Frontrunners Bernie Sanders, Pete Buttigieg and Elizabeth Warren are set to appear during the first night of Round 2."
"For some young N.H. voters, Joe Biden doesn’t share their progressive values","The former vice president, headlining an event for the N.H. Young Democrats, the isn't a top choice for some of those voters ahead of the nation's first primary."
Gillibrand grills Biden over op-ed on working mothers,Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) asks former Vice President Joe Biden to clarify what he meant in an penned opinion piece about working mothers.
The school busing debate between Joe Biden and Kamala Harris,"In the 1970s, Biden was a harsh critic of using busing programs to achieve racial integration. He called such plans racist and asinine."
"Joe Biden to Kamala Harris: Go easy on me, kid",Former Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Kamala Harris meet for the first time at CNN's Democratic debate after Harris challenged Biden's record on school ...
Joe Biden joins Snapchat ahead of Wednesday's Democratic debate,Presidential candidate Joe Biden is now on Snapchat under the username biden2020. Screenshot by Abrar Al-Heeti/CNET. Joe Biden wants you to follow him ...
Will Hunter Biden Jeopardize His Father’s Campaign?,Joe Biden's son is under scrutiny for his business dealings and tumultuous personal life.
"Joe Biden dominates, but Pete Buttigieg makes inroads with Obama's elite bundlers","A CNN analysis finds that at least 40 top Obama bundlers donated to South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg's campaign during the second quarter, helping ..."
Former Vice President Joe Biden calls Charleston area schools ‘Minimally adequate’ in final SC campaign stop,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (WCSC) - Former Vice President Joe Biden addressed education, gun control and healthcare to a packed crowd at the International ..."
Biden says Trump's July 4th event is designed 'to stroke his ego',"Democratic presidential front-runner and former Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday slammed President Donald Trump's July Fourth ""Salute to America,"" ..."
Will Joe Biden win? What past primary results tell us,The biggest question of the Democratic primary is whether Joe Biden is on a march to the nomination or whether he will be taken down by one of his many ...
Fact check: Joe Biden falsely claims he opposed spending more money to build state prisons,"In a campaign speech in South Carolina on Saturday, former Vice President Joe Biden defended the 1994 anti-crime law he played a primary role in writing."
Joe Biden earned $15.6 million in two years. Here's what he made at Penn.,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden earned a higher annual salary as a Penn professor than as vice president, according to tax returns released by his ..."
Surprise — ‘blue-collar’ Joe Biden is another millionaire politician,"Like other Democrats advocating for the middle class and poor, Joe Biden is a millionaire. Does anyone have any credibility left?"
Joe Biden's Climate Plan Melted During the Debate – Mother Jones,"Mr. Vice President, your argument is not with me, it's with science.”"
Joe Biden Picks Covington & Burling as Campaign Counsel | National Law Journal,"Joe Biden has hired Covington & Burling to provide legal counsel to his presidential campaign, turning to a law firm stocked with prominent veterans of the ..."
"Joe Biden flip-flops, says he wouldn't join TPP as first 'put forward'","Former Vice President Joe Biden was a prime player in the effort to pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Obama administration's failed controversial trade ..."
"Joe Biden’s claim that he got ‘150,000 combat troops out of Iraq’","Biden had a big hand in withdrawing U.S. forces from Iraq during Obama's first term. But he was still the vice president during Obama's second term, when ..."
Castro to Biden: One of us learned lessons of the past,Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro challenges former Vice President Joe Biden on immigration policy during the second night of ...
James Morrison | Joe Biden needs to earn his salary,"Joe Biden recently released his tax returns as part of his bid to win the Democratic nomination. As the DP reported last week, according to those tax returns, ..."
Trump responds to Joe Biden's 'bully' comment to CNN,President Donald Trump responded to former Vice President Joe Biden calling Trump a bully during an exclusive interview with CNN.
Let’s Look At NBC Politics’s Terrible Illustration of Joe Biden,The network's live debate coverage featured a sketch of the former vice president that will chill you to the bone.
Inslee blasts Biden on climate plan: Our house is on fire,"Washington Gov. Jay Inslee criticizes former Vice President Joe Biden's climate crisis plan, saying Biden didn't seem to understand the urgency."
Former Vice President Joe Biden to attend private event in Sun Valley,KMVT has confirmed that former Vice President Joe Biden will be in Sun Valley August 5th for a private fundraiser.
Booker to Biden: You're dipping into the Kool-Aid and don't know the flavor,Former Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) have an exchange over criminal justice records during the second night of the CNN Democratic ...
Joe Biden’s Time As A Public Defender Was A Brief Line On His Résumé. Now It’s A Virtue Signal For His Campaign.,Biden has turned his long-forgotten legal work in Delaware into a response to Kamala Harris and other critics questioning his dedication to social justice issues.
"As vice president, Joe Biden said Ukraine should increase gas production. Then his son got a job with a Ukrain","From the moment Hunter Biden took a job in 2014 with an energy company in Ukraine, Republicans have said it presented a conflict of interest."
Biden defends about face on crime law he helped create,On the heels of his appearance before the NAACP Convention in Detroit former Vice President Joe Biden hit back at criticism of his criminal justice plan ...
Debates are great for candidates like Andrew Yang but bad for candidates like Joe Biden - Business Insider,"Yang has nowhere to go but up, while Biden has a target on his back and very little upside given the format."
Joe Biden's New Foreign Policy Adviser Supported Iraq War,"Nicholas Burns worked under presidents George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush before leaving public *service* and becoming a lobbyist."
Biden said in 1977 that desegregation would create 'a racial jungle' - Business Insider,"""Unless we do something about this, my children are going to grow up in a jungle, the jungle being a racial jungle,"" Biden said."
"Penn Paid Joe Biden $775,000 to Expand Its “Global Outreach” … and Give Some Speeches","When Penn announced in 2017 that former Vice President Joe Biden would be joining its faculty as the Benjamin Franklin Presidential Practice Professor, ..."
Immigrants rights group calls for Joe Biden to apologize for Obama-era deportations,"Immigrant rights activists said they staged a protest at presidential candidate Joe Biden's Philadelphia campaign office on Wednesday, demanding the former ..."

Joe Biden Knows He Says the Wrong Thing,"It's not because he is 76, his campaign says. The former vice president has always had this tendency, and he hopes it won't hurt him in the 2020 race."
Joe Biden Dismisses Report That He Told False War Story,"Joseph R. Biden Jr., whose habit of verbal missteps on the 2020 campaign trail has concerned some Democrats, is again facing scrutiny after a new report that ..."
"Joe Biden, Recalling ’68, Asks Audience to Imagine Obama’s Assassination","HANOVER, N.H. — Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. on Friday took a series of unusual rhetorical detours at the end of a town-hall-style campaign ..."
Is Joe Biden Too Old?,Journalists are suddenly willing to ask questions about the Democratic front-runner's age. But they're still unwilling to answer them.
"As he campaigns for president, Joe Biden tells a moving but false war story","HANOVER, N.H. — Joe Biden painted a vivid scene for the 400 people packed into a college meeting hall. A four-star general had asked the then-vice president ..."
The promise and peril of Joe Biden’s front-runner campaign,"Joe Biden doubles down on his argument that he is the Democrats' best bet to take on President Trump, but there are risks to that strategy."
Joe Biden's lucky break,Washington (CNN) To win a presidential primary -- especially one with two dozen candidate -- you need some luck. And Joe Biden got some in this week's ...
Biden mangles his words — and undercuts his message,"BOONE, Iowa — The gaffes are back. From mangling a favorite one-liner to almost suggesting that poor kids aren't white to flubbing his campaign's text ..."
Biden Advisers Worry the Gaffes Are Becoming a Problem,"It was expected that Joe Biden was going to be a gaffe machine on the campaign trail. That is, after all, the long-running joke about the avuncular former vice ..."
Joe Biden Is The Only Man Who Can Save China In 2020,"The former vice president, career politician, and the front runner in most polls to be the Democratic Party candidate to take on Donald Trump is the only man who ..."
Joe Biden’s campaign plays the electability card: ‘You have to look at who is going to win’,"PROLE, Iowa — Joe Biden, his wife and his entire campaign apparatus have put an electability argument front and center this week in an attempt to dispel any ..."
Why This Joe Biden Health Care Ad Stands Out,"It's “personal to me,” the former vice president says in a new ad that features his own family losses to highlight the importance of health care."
Jill Biden: 'Swallow a little bit' and vote for Joe,Former second lady Jill Biden made the case for her husband to be the Democratic presidential nominee Monday with a blunt assessment for how to beat ...
Joe Biden took questions from black reporters for 90 minutes. He did not disappoint.,"Joe Biden's campaign convened a dozen or so black reporters from major media outlets Tuesday for what was offered as a private, off-the-record sit-down with ..."
Biden Inc.,"The day the Bidens took over Paradigm Global Advisors was a memorable one. In the late summer of 2006 Joe Biden's son Hunter and Joe's younger brother, ..."
"Pull it together, Joe Biden","As you may have heard, speaking to an audience in New Hampshire, Joe Biden told a very moving story about his interaction with a war hero. The only problem ..."
Watch Biden's blistering rebuke of Trump,"During a speech in Iowa, former Vice President Joe Biden says President Trump has fanned the flames of white supremacy in America."
Joe Biden says he’d prefer a running mate who is ‘of color and/or a different gender’,"Former vice president Joe Biden has been leading the Democratic field in most polls since he entered the race, but even he acknowledges that he's a long way ..."
We talked to experts on aging about the 2020 field. Here’s what they told us.,"One medical expert says Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Donald Trump are part of the population known as ""superagers."""
"Joe Biden is my Harvard, not my 'safety school.' He really is my favorite 2020 Democrat.","Pundits say there's no enthusiasm for Joe Biden. Why is it so hard to believe that many people, including me, like him best of all the 2020 Democrats?"
"Democratic voters don't care that Joe Biden is a gaffe machine, yet - Business Insider","Former Vice President Joe Biden's signature off-the-cuff speaking style has helped him cultivate a down-to-earth image, but his frequent gaffes have raised ..."
Biden’s doctor says he ‘is in excellent physical condition’ days after Trump suggests otherwise,"Of all the criteria voters care about in a presidential candidate, one that has come up more than once is health. And former Vice President Joe Biden's doctors ..."
Too gaffe-prone to be president? Biden's blunders prompt fresh scrutiny,The former vice-president has cultivated a reputation for saying the wrong thing – but has it evolved into a 2020 liability?
Here's How Much 2020 Presidential Candidate Joe Biden Is Worth,"When Joe Biden was a student at the University of Delaware in the early 1960s, he spent a lot of time chatting with friends in his dorm. One day he asked a ..."
"For the Democratic field, the path to nomination goes through Joe Biden","Amber Phillips analyzes the liberal-moderate divide on display at the Democratic debates. Plus, Beth Reinhard details President Trump's history with Jeffrey ..."
See Biden's emotional message to grieving families,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden spoke in deeply personal terms about the family tragedies he has endured in an emotional reflection following two ...
Axios-NewsWhip 2020 attention tracker: Biden pummeled for his gaffes,Stories about Biden's gaffes went farther than stories about nearly every other 2020 candidate last week.
Biden Hears Frustration From Labor Union In His Campaign's Backyard,"The former vice president heavily courts labor votes. But a large union that's a key player in Pennsylvania politics is feeling repeatedly snubbed by Joe Biden, ..."
About That Joe Biden Op-Ed From 1981,"During the debates, Kirsten Gillibrand accused the former vice president of disparaging working women. The truth is a little murkier."
"Joe Biden, Meet Black Voters","Popeye's Louisiana Kitchen, the fast-food chain that had America going insane for its new chicken sandwich for a minute there, is *fresh* out. But they promise it'll ..."
Joe Biden's name central to ongoing Tennessee fraud case involving his brother,A previous version of this story named the wrong Biden brother in a reference to the case. It has been updated with the correct name. He's neither plaintiff nor ...
"Biden's prism of loss: A public man, shaped by private grief","WASHINGTON (AP) — On the night before Joe Biden's world collapsed, he sat in a picture-perfect scene with his wife by the fireside in their Delaware living ..."
The Women in Line to Hug Joe Biden,It's a moment to connect with a candidate they like. And it's an act of defiance.
"Joe Biden vs. GOP talking points: He’s old, establishment, and corrupt",Joe Biden's progressive rivals seem convinced that the best strategy take him on is to accuse the former vice president of being insufficiently left-wing and point ...
Execs claim Biden’s brother offered Biden’s help promoting business venture,Joe Biden's younger brother told potential business partners that the former vice president would help their firm land business with court systems and would ...
"Joe Biden's brother and a hedge fund owner conned me, Tennessee businessman says","The businessman says he received a text message from Jim Biden apparently sent by mistake detailing part of the plan, according to the lawsuit."
Former VP Joe Biden Backs Dan McCready for District 9 Seat,NORTH CAROLINA -- Former Vice President and current Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden has endorsed Dan McCready in the 9th district race.
NYT: Obama told Biden he didn't have to run in 2020,"The New York Times reports that former President Barack Obama cautioned former Vice President Joe Biden against running in the 2020 presidential election, ..."
Biden: Trump dumbed down how we talk about each other,"Former Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden slams President Trump's rhetoric in the wake of two deadly mass shootings in El Paso, ..."
Trending: Pretty sure Biden just gave away his most important password.,Pin number? Social Security? Luggage Lock? What was the real meaning behind 'JOE 30330?' BREAKING: Joe Biden just announced a run for president in ...
'This is a marathon': can Joe Biden go the distance for Democrats?,"A small cheer went up as Joe Biden walked into the Detroit One Coney Island Restaurant, took off his sunglasses and beamed. The candidate shook hands and ..."
"For Joe Biden, some lessons from Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign?","There are no perfect analogies in politics, but one worth considering at this moment is the comparison between Joe Biden's campaign for the Democratic ..."
Biden: I would institute a national buyback program,Former Vice President Joe Biden speaks to CNN's Anderson Cooper about how he would reduce the number of assault weapons on the street if he were elected ...
Joe Biden Is Learning That Liberals Eat Their Own,"As a conservative watching the Democratic debates, I found that one of the most astonishing aspects of the multicandidate assault on Joe Biden was that the ..."
Joe Biden to make Utah campaign stop in September,Former vice president and current presidential candidate Joe Biden is planning on coming to Utah next month. Biden's campaign team released a September ...
Biden Still Leads Democratic Pack Despite Doubts,"According to the polls, former Vice President Joe Biden continues to hold a lead over the large pack of Democratic presidential contenders for next year's ..."
"Joe Biden's PAC, American Possibilities, is slated to shut down within months","Several 2020 Democratic presidential candidates, including Biden, have shied away from being associated with PACs and super PACs."
Biden jumps into damage control after upsetting Latino leaders,Joe Biden's presidential campaign is quietly playing cleanup with dozens of immigration activists and Latino leaders — weeks after upsetting them by using what ...
Joe Biden confuses debate viewers with bizarre 'website' plug – video,"Biden lays out his 2020 vision before telling those watching: 'If you agree with me, go to Joe 30330' – in fact referring to a phone number."
Joe Biden clashes with rivals in second Democratic debate – video,"Joe Biden was the central target as 10 Democratic presidential candidates clashed in Detroit in the party's second debate, with rivals attempting to knock him ..."
Note to Biden Backers: A Senescent Gaffe Machine Might Not Be the Safest Bet,"Joe Biden is not my favorite Democrat. Over his half-century in public *service*, the former senator from MBNA did much to alienate pinko proponents of “purity ..."
What did Joe Biden really say about working moms?,"You never know when something you wrote almost 40 years ago might come back to bite you. For 2020 front-runner Joe Biden, that moment came under the ..."
Biden's flubbed text message appeal launches internet domains,"Joe Biden's ""Go to Joe 30330"" debate flub leads to a run on internet domain names."
"After a Doddering Debate Performance, Late-Night Vultures Circle Joe Biden","As they recapped the debate, Stephen Colbert, Seth Meyers, and Trevor Noah all zeroed in on the presumed front-runner's stumbles."
Rep. Lou Correa endorses Joe Biden for president,"Rep. Lou Correa is endorsing Joe Biden for president in 2020. “We need someone who knows our country, who knows the soul of our country, and I believe ..."
Political Cornflakes: Joe Biden had a good night — but not a great night.,Happy Thursday! Former vice president and now-presidential contender Joe Biden had a good night at the second round of Democratic debates. But it wasn't a ...
Joe Biden: Banning Assault Weapons Works,"That's why, as president, I will push to ban them again."
"Biden tells emotional war story, but there's a big problem with it","A Washington Post fact check has revealed that a war story former Vice President Joe Biden has been telling on the campaign trail isn't quite right, as Biden has ..."
"Joe Biden, own your age","Joe Biden is old. The former vice president and current Democratic frontrunner would be 78 by the time he assumed office if elected next fall, making him the ..."
Presidential candidate Joe Biden speaks at two Cape fundraisers,"HARWICH PORT — Former Vice President Joe Biden, considered by many to be the front-runner for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination, met with ..."
The Biden 'gaffe machine' sparks worry for Democrats,"With a story that he likes to tell on the campaign trail, former Vice President Joe Biden has once again triggered anxiety about his campaign. Biden's gaffes ..."
Joe Biden’s biggest flaw,The Constitution has fatal flaws that demand reforms.//It's time to rethink the structure of the Senate.
"Joe Biden used this strategy to trim his tax bill. You can, too.",The 2020 presidential candidate's tax return show that he and his wife have a pair of S-corporations that generated considerable income. The Bidens were able ...
Joe Biden Is the Reason Obama’s Legacy Is on Trial,"During Wednesday evening's Democratic debate, Joe Biden didn't look so inevitable. Pressed on the Obama administration's immigration record, and then on ..."
Biden says he met with Parkland victims while VP,"Joe Biden said he met with students who survived the mass shooting in Parkland, Florida, when he was vice president. But the Parkland shooting took place in ..."
Elizabeth Warren circles in Iowa as Joe Biden stumbles,"Through two rounds of debates, Biden and Warren have yet to face each other directly. But the tableau this weekend shows how they are circling each other ..."
2020 frontrunner Joe Biden works to avoid repeat of Hillary Clinton's 2008 collapse in SC,"As the 2020 Democratic race prepares to enter the crucial fall campaign season, it's now former Vice President Joe Biden who is far in front of the pack for South."
"Joe Biden to hold town halls in Greenville, Spartanburg, Gaffney, Rock Hill next week",Former Vice President Joe Biden will campaign in the Upstate on Aug. 28 and 29.
Joe Biden and the Disastrous History of Bipartisanship,"The Democratic presidential campaign playbook has, for decades, included grand promises to reach out to the GOP to solve the nation's ills. In 2020, some ..."
"Fact-checking the Joe Biden, Kirsten Gillibrand spat over 1980s child care tax credit vote","Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., accused former Vice President Joe Biden of espousing views against working mothers in an op-ed nearly four decades ago, ..."
Joe Biden’s campaign is doomed — and other commentary,"Election 2020: Biden's Bid Is Doomed “Joe Biden has led Democratic polls since day one,” Dan McCarthy observes in Spectator USA. But there are plenty of..."
How the Debate Clock Beat Joe Biden,"The traditional presidential-debate format does not lend itself to thoughtful discussion, and attempts to impose order, however well intentioned, often backfire."
Tennessee businessman says he was conned by Joe Biden's brother and a hedge fund owner,"The businessman says he received a text message from Jim Biden apparently sent by mistake detailing part of the plan, according to the lawsuit."
Joe Biden is hitting the Cape and Nantucket later this month — but not for the beach,"Former vice president Joe Biden and his wife, Dr. Jill Biden, will spend two days on Cape Cod and Nantucket later this month raising money for his 2020 ..."
"Analysis | The Finance 202: Joe Biden says he opposes Trans-Pacific Partnership, even though he helped craft it",He finally took a position on the Obama-era trade deal.
Why I Support Joe Biden,"As a longtime state senator from New Hampshire, I have seen a lot of presidential candidates. I have taken them to restaurants and had them at our home. I have ..."
Neurosurgeon: I’ve Seen Joe Biden’s Brain and It’s Perfectly Fine,"It might be considered ageist, as Rep. Eric Swalwell learned to his detriment, but the truth is that Joe Biden is 76 years old, with two brain aneurysms under his ..."
Can you tell a Joe Biden ‘gaffe’ from a Donald Trump ‘gaffe’? Don’t be so sure,"So if Trump and Biden end up facing off in the general election next year, which one's verbal miscues will be most damaging?"
"Former VP Joe Biden addresses supporters, criticizes Donald Trump at new Iowa City field office","The former vice president is scheduled to stop by the office, which is located at 702 S. Gilbert Street, for the grand opening Wednesday night."
Is Joe Biden the Democrats’ Version of Mitt Romney?,"Ace political reporter Dan Balz argues that Joe Biden is to today's Democrats what Mitt Romney was to Republicans in 2012. While there are similarities, Biden's ..."
Democratic front-runner Biden reflects chaotic party,What could better illustrate the floundering chaos of the Democratic Party than a new national poll showing Joe Biden as the clear front-runner? The party's got ...
Philly Doesn’t Seem to Like Joe Biden as Much as He Likes Philly,"Joe Biden, despite some real baggage and his propensity for embarrassing slip-ups (like not knowing his own campaign website), is the Democratic frontrunner ..."
"I tried to cover Joe Biden, but got stuck in a Charlotte mansion’s bedroom instead",Former vice president and 2020 presidential hopeful Joe Biden spoke at an exclusive fundraiser in Charlotte Wednesday night. An Observer reporter covered ...
"Donor with deep Ukraine ties lent $500,000 to Biden’s brother",A donor with deep ties to Ukraine loaned Joe Biden's younger brother half-a-million dollars at the same time the then-vice president oversaw U.S. policy toward ...
"President Donald Trump, Former VP Joe Biden Mix-Up Mass Shooting Locations",PITTSBURGH (KDKA/AP) — President Donald Trump addressed the nation Monday to condemn the mass shootings that happened over the weekend.
"Joe Biden to hold Hanover town hall, two ‘community events’ during Friday-Saturday visit","Former Vice President Joe Biden has three events planned when he returns to New Hampshire on Friday and Saturday, Aug. 23 and 24."
6 of our top opinion pieces this week: ICYMI,"From the US-China trade war to Democratic support for Israel to Joe Biden's 2020 prospects, here are some of the week's top columns."
Suit: Biden brother invoked political clout to further fraud scheme,"A younger brother of Joe Biden invoked his political clout as part of a fraudulent scheme to bankrupt two medical firms and steal their business model, according ..."
"Biden: If Elected President, I’ll Let Mitch McConnell Block Everything","Joe Biden, touring Iowa, told reporters, in so many words, that his plan is to have an ineffectual, failed presidency. Or, as Biden put it more pithily, “Ending the ..."
Biden offers emotional advice on grieving to families of shooting victims: 'What will take you through is purpose',Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden on Monday spoke in deeply personal terms about the family tragedies he has endured in an emotional reflection ...
New Biden ad highlights his personal experience,"Former Vice President Joe Biden is airing a new TV ad in Iowa that highlights his continued support for the Affordable Care Act, at a time when other progressive ..."
Photos: Joe Biden opens campaign office in Iowa City,Vice President Joe Biden greeted supporters at his new campaign office on South Gilbert Street in Iowa City.
"Joe Biden: I Had $280,000 Of Student Loans",Even Joe Biden had student loan debt. Here's what he wants to do about your student loans. Student Loans. In a speech at Keene State University in New ...
"Trump attacks Joe Biden, Sherrod Brown and Fox News host Shepard Smith on his way to El Paso","Just days after calling for unity in the wake of two mass shootings over the weekend, Trump lashed out at his Democratic opponents and a media figure en route ..."
Biden: Trump 'fanning the flames of white supremacy',"BURLINGTON, Iowa (AP) — Joe Biden on Wednesday accused President Donald Trump of ""fanning the flames of white supremacy"" in his most aggressive ..."
Former VP Joe Biden makes a fundraising stop in Boise,Former Vice President Joe Biden held a fundraiser on Tuesday at a Warm Springs residence in Boise. Ticket purchasers were able to mingle with Biden and his ...
Joe Biden Has a Fortress in the South,"The former vice president has a 20-point lead among black voters, and that's huge in Georgia and South Carolina."
'OH YEAH #WeKnowTheFlavor': Kool-Aid puts itself into Democratic debate mix after Booker's snap at Biden,WASHINGTON – The official winner of Wednesday night's Democratic debate in Detroit: Kool-Aid. Sen. Cory Booker invoked the powdered drink in an exchange ...
Biden Was Right About Day Care,Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand attacked Joe Biden last week for a 1981 newspaper opinion piece titled “Congress Is Subsidizing Deterioration of Family.” Noting that she ...
Unit looking into Army major in uniform telling Biden she prays he'll be president,The South Carolina National Guard is reviewing whether an officer will face any sort of punishment after she was filmed attending a political rally and endorsing ...

Joe Biden: Where He Stands,"The former vice president is a known entity in Washington, but can he beat President Donald Trump?"
"Trump, Joe Biden, Hunter Biden And Ukraine: 5 Questions Answered",President Trump asked Ukraine's president to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son Hunter. The Bidens call a smear campaign that has been ...
Does Joe Biden Want to Be Doing This?,"“How badly do you want to be president?” Joseph R. Biden Jr. was asked after a recent speech in Prole, Iowa. The answer to such an inquiry would appear ..."
Joe Biden speech live: Watch as former VP Biden addresses the Trump-Ukraine whistleblower call and his son Hunter today – live updates,"""If he continues to obstruct Congress, Donald Trump will leave Congress, in my view, no choice but to initiate impeachment,"" Biden said."
Joe Biden says it's 'totally appropriate' for voters to consider his age,"Washington (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden said it's ""totally appropriate"" for people to consider his age when evaluating him as presidential candidate."
Taking Out Joe Biden,The left can impeach Trump and destroy an insufficiently liberal front-runner.
Trump's efforts to discredit Joe Biden backfired on him. Will they hurt the former VP anyway?,The impeachment inquiry targeted at President Trump over Ukraine has created a complicated dynamic for former vice president Joe Biden's 2020 campaign.
Joe Biden has his best debate night -- and that might be good enough,Joe Biden was as good at Thursday night's debate as he's been in the entire campaign and perhaps close to as good as he could be.
"Meet Joe Biden, Democratic Presidential Candidate",Is the third time really the charm? Former Vice President Joe Biden certainly hopes so. He first threw his hat in the ring for the 1988 Democratic no…
Why Joe Biden's Slow-Paced Campaign Hasn't Slumped,"""It's a little early to play hide the candidate,"" said one former Biden aide. ""But I get it."""
Joe Biden faces the Trump fusillade. Are he and his campaign up to it?,Some of Joe Biden's supporters are voicing growing concern that his campaign is not prepared to weather the dual political rip currents suddenly reshaping the ...
Joe Biden Is in the Headlines Over Trump’s Ukraine Call. He’s Trying to Leverage That,"Joe Biden is doing something of a balancing act these days as he races for campaign cash ahead of a crucial deadline. In the former Vice President's telling, ..."
Joe Biden's Campaign Downplays Expectations for Iowa and New Hampshire,"Advisers to Democratic front-runner Joe Biden are lowering expectations for his prospects in Iowa and New Hampshire, telling reporters Tuesday that the ..."
It’s time to bid farewell to Joe Biden,"Bid farewell to Joe Biden. I say that with regret, for the former vice president is the nicest of fellows, lacking malice, who likes people and likes doing something ..."
Joe Biden slams Trump's comments on his Ukraine dealings,Joe Biden pushed back on President Donald Trump's unproven claims that Biden and his son Hunter Biden had acted inappropriately in their dealings with the ...
"Joe Biden shrugs off age chatter, pledges medical disclosures after 3rd Democratic debate","Joe Biden says he'll prove his fitness through the campaign process. He pledged to release his medical records ""when I get my next physical"" before the Iowa ..."
Worried Biden allies plot super PAC to aid the former vice president,Washington (CNN) A group of former aides and allies to former Vice President Joe Biden are considering launching a super PAC to help the presidential ...
Biden: I never talked to son Hunter about overseas business dealings,Joe Biden has been in a back and forth with President Trump over a reported whistleblower complaint as well as his son's business dealings in Ukraine.
Biden scolds reporter who asks about his son's business,"Former Vice President Joe Biden slammed President Donald Trump for using allegations of wrongdoing in Ukraine against him, saying Trump is only doing this ..."
Joe Biden’s Greatest Strength Is His Greatest Vulnerability,"Graphics by Yutong Yuan A couple of months ago, I found myself in the curious position of examining Joe Biden's head. On television, the former vice president ..."
There's no evidence for Trump's Biden-Ukraine accusations. What really happened?,President Donald Trump said former Vice President Joe Biden had corruptly used his power to benefit his son in Ukraine. Did he?
Joe Biden to visit Pittsburgh in November,"Former Vice President Joe Biden will travel to Pittsburgh on Election Day, Nov. 5, according to a statement from his campaign. No additional details about the ..."
Here’s What We Know About Joe and Hunter Biden in Ukraine,"President Donald Trump and his allies have been promoting allegations that a potential 2020 rival, former Vice President Joe Biden, improperly intervened in ..."
The Bygone Baggage of Joe Biden,The genius of Barack Obama lay in the fact that Americans looked at him and could believe in almost anything. The left of the Democratic Party saw the ...
Biden fails to step up or fall down,Vice President Joe Biden—who as in previous outings interspersed some strong moments with several mushy or head-scratching ones—seemed emphatically ...
Joe Biden’s latest campaign gaffe hits Boston,“Rite Aid” … wrong store! Joe Biden's latest campaign-trail gaffe is an inspiring tale about a Boston strike — it just didn't happen quite like Joe said.
2020 Democratic primary: Joe Biden is not Barack Obama,"It's time for the former vice president to make the case for his presidency, not Obama's."
"What Biden was talking about when he was talking about record players, race and education","I tuned out for a moment during Thursday night's Democratic primary debate. By that point we were more than two hours in, and I was trying to double-check ..."
Opinion: Joe Biden's debate performance was a time warp to 1985,"If Joe Biden is trying to shuck the image of the out-of-touch old guy in the Democratic primary race, he didn't help himself Thursday night. He rambled. He didn't ..."
Biden calls for Trump to face impeachment if he doesn't comply with Congressional inquiries,Former Vice President Joe Biden on Tuesday called on Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump if he does not comply ...
Can Joe Biden Beat Donald Trump in 2020?,Biden leads the Democratic pack in polls and consistently defeats Trump in head-to-head match-ups.
Joe Biden's Racist Answer on the Legacy of Slavery,"When asked about the legacy of slavery, Joe Biden lectured black people on their parenting abilities."
Why Biden will never recover from his ‘record player’ line,"Just to be sure I heard it correctly, I replayed former vice president Joe Biden's eye-popping gaffe from Thursday night's debate instructing poor parents to put the ..."
The Perils of Biden’s Campaign Strategy,"Could gaffes eat away at the front-runner's foundation? And if they do, could Warren, “the best political athlete in the field,” says a strategist, step in to claim the ..."
Joe Biden’s Campaign Asks Networks to Stop Booking Rudy Giuliani,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign is asking the networks to stop booking Rudy Giuliani, writing that President Donald Trump's personal lawyer “has made very ..."
The Swiftboating of Joe Biden,"Merriam-Webster has not yet added the word “swiftboating” to its dictionary, but the Urban Dictionary and Taegan Goddard's Political Dictionary have. The term ..."
“It’s Time for the Baby Boomers to Get Off the Stage - People over 60 respond to concerns about Joe Biden’s age.”,"In a presidential field where three leading candidates—including the incumbent, Donald Trump—would become the oldest president in United States history if ..."
Open Forum: Why do we keep talking about Joe Biden's age?,Is Joe Biden too old to be president? I don't know. But here's what I do know: The question speaks volumes about the way Americans look at old age. It's seen as ...
"In South Carolina, Joe Biden has strong support from black voters — for now","GALIVANTS FERRY, S.C. — In the sticky South Carolina heat, people peeled boiled peanuts and cooled themselves with paper fans as presidential candidates ..."
How Pundits May Be Getting Electability All Wrong-Why do Voters see Joe Biden as the Most Electable,Democrats are obsessing over which candidate is most capable of beating Trump. But how voters gauge that is far more complicated than it may seem.
Why is everyone talking about Biden confronting a man called 'CornPop'?,Biden says he faced off gang leader armed with a razor blade in 1962 – a former state president of the NAACP supports his yarn.
"Biden talks about Mark Sanford, Trump and Democratic opponents ahead of SC stump meet",Former Vice President Joe Biden and 2020 Democratic candidate for president spoke to The State Monday ahead of the Galivants Ferry Stump about his plan to ...
Biden nosedives in early-state polls,"Recent surveys show the former veep's leads have vanished in Iowa and New Hampshire, while his South Carolina firewall shows signs of cracking."
Biden Was Asked About Segregation. His Answer Included a Record Player.,"The record of former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. on race and school desegregation once again came to the forefront during a Democratic debate, this ..."
"Biden, Weathering Attacks From Trump, Returns to Campaign Trail","The Democratic candidate is entering a critical new phase of the race, with the president facing impeachment and a spotlight on the Biden family."
Joe Biden’s appeal actually isn’t a mystery,None of the complaints from the Twitter-verse nor the eyerolling over gaffes has punctured former vice president Joe Biden's support in the Democratic ...
3 big reasons Biden is no longer the definitive 2020 Democratic primary frontrunner - Business Insider,"The more voters see of Biden, the less they like him. And the more they see of his main rival, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the more they like her."
Hunter Biden: Who is former Vice President Joe Biden's son mentioned in Ukraine-Trump call?,"A brief introduction to Hunter Biden, the former vice president's middle child, who was named in Trump's call with Ukraine president."
Joe Biden Pushed Ronald Reagan to Ramp Up Incarceration — Not the Other Way,Biden has argued that the focus on his 1994 crime bill as a driver of mass incarceration is misplaced. He's right — it was his earlier push that was responsible.
Democratic Debate: Is Joe Biden OK?,Mehdi Hasan and a panel of guests analyze the latest Democratic debate.
Joe Biden's childhood struggle with a stutter: How he overcame it and how it shaped him,"Joe Biden, storied speechifier whose verbal gaffes have come under scrutiny, had a stutter as a child. How he overcame it says a lot about his character and ..."
Joe Biden’s shift on abortion tests the politics of his faith,It was one of the first stress tests of Joe Biden's presidential campaign: A sudden reversal of his decades-long support for restricting federal funding of abortions.
Risk or safety? The dividing line between Joe Biden and his challengers.,"Joe Biden's first Iowa television ad this summer flashed four quick photos of the former vice president with Barack Obama, along with a tagline about as far as ..."
Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,"Best of the Web: During a Council on Foreign Relations discussion on January 23, 2018, former Vice President Joe Biden spoke about his dealings in Ukraine."
'Are you going nuts?’ Joe Biden quips about his gaffes with Stephen Colbert,"For the first time since announcing his presidential run, former Vice President Joe Biden appeared Wednesday on late-night TV, where host Stephen Colbert ..."
Joe Biden Believes in the Good Will of Republicans. Is That Naïve?,"As he runs for president, Joseph R. Biden Jr. has trumpeted his ability to work with Republicans, including Mitch McConnell. Others in his party view that as ..."
‘It’s a deceptive lead’: Why Biden’s rivals are planning around his big collapse,He continues to outdistance the rest of the Democratic primary field in most polls. And his head-to-head lead over President Donald Trump are stronger than ...
Joe Biden Demands Financial Transparency but Hides Wealth,Former Vice President Joe Biden is telegraphing that he plans to attack his rivals on the debate stage for a lack of transparency into their finances. Biden is ...
Young Black Voters to Their Biden-Supporting Parents: ‘Is This Your King?’,An organic effort by black millennials and Gen Z-ers to influence older family members against Mr. Biden may be important in the Democratic primary.
Joe Biden Pokes Fun at His Own ‘Gaffes’ With Stephen Colbert,"Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. appeared on a late-night talk show for the first time as a 2020 candidate on Wednesday, using the opportunity to poke ..."
Even Joe Biden was once the upstart,"This is the sixth installment in “Battle Tested,” a series analyzing early campaigns of some Democrats seeking the 2020 presidential nomination. Earlier pieces ..."
‘He’s not wearing well’: Joe Biden loses ground in Register’s Iowa Poll,Joe Biden's standing with likely Democratic caucusgoers has fallen in each of the Iowa Polls conducted since last year.
"Joe Biden tells Utah supporters Trump has damaged U.S. reputation, security",Joe Biden made a quick in-and-out trip to Utah on Saturday for an invitation-only Park City fundraiser and in a speech to about 200 supporters made no mention ...
Biden’s brother touted Biden Cancer Initiative ties in investment pitch,"Joe Biden's brother told executives at a healthcare firm that the former vice president's cancer initiative would promote their business, according to a participant ..."
Trump campaign launches ad against Joe Biden over Ukraine scandal,President Trump's re-election campaign is launching a $10 million ad campaign attacking Joe Biden over the former vice president's dealings with Ukraine ...
"Joe Biden is 2020's 'It's my turn' candidate, which is not a good sign - Business Insider","Over the past five decades, the ""change"" presidential candidate has beaten the more-familiar ""next in line"" candidate almost every time."
Joe Biden's big night,"To describe Joe Biden's performances in the first two presidential debates as ""OK"" would be to give the former vice president the benefit of the doubt in a major ..."
"Joe Biden, MIA","As Prospect staff writer Alex Sammon has noted, the most important piece of legislation currently pending in any of the nation's 50 state legislatures has seen ..."
Joe Biden speaks on President Trump's whistleblower report,"Former Vice President Joe Biden will deliver a statement Tuesday afternoon from Wilmington, Delaware on the whistleblower report and President Donald ..."
Joe Biden to Appear on ‘Jimmy Kimmel Live!’ Amid Trump Impeachment Probe,"Former Vice President Joe Biden will appear on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” tonight, as he finds himself in the middle of the impeachment probe of President Trump."
The case for impeaching Joe Biden | Mulshine,"Now that the Democrats have started an impeachment inquiry concerning President Trump's dealings in Ukraine, the only thing that will save Joe Biden from ..."
Biden Fund-Raiser Draws Climate Change Protesters,"Joe Biden defied the activists and attended a fund-raiser co-hosted by Andrew Goldman, a founder of a fossil fuel company."
Joe Biden’s Allies Are Losing Patience With the Wokesters,"The problem isn't that Biden is too old, advisers say. It's that the reporters covering him are too young."
Giuliani admits to asking Ukraine about Joe Biden after denying it 30 seconds earlier,Giuliani appeared to contradict himself over whether he asked Ukraine officials to specifically investigate the former vice president.
Analysis | The Energy 202: Joe Biden defends fundraiser that drew howls from environmentalists,"'I am committed to not raising money from fossil fuel executives and I am not doing that tonight,' said the ex-veep."
"Joe Biden talks gay rights, El Paso shooting and left wing policies at Denver fundraiser","Vice President Joe Biden laid at least part of the blame for the recent mass shooting in El Paso, Texas at the feet of President Donald Trump during a private ..."
Biden returns to Philadelphia for big-dollar fundraiser,PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Many of the same Democratic donors who helped Joe Biden raise money at the start of his White House run welcomed the former vice ...
Investor and Democratic megadonor Alan Patricof decides to back Joe Biden for president,"""Besides being the most qualified, he also has the best chance of winning,"" Patricof tells CNBC. ""He has very broad support and has the ability to work across ..."
"Joe Biden: If Trump doesn't comply, Congress must impeach","Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden says if President Donald Trump does not comply with Congress' requests for information, Congress has no choice ..."
Joe Biden defends LGBTQ record at Iowa forum,Joe Biden had a tense exchange with a moderator over his history on LGBTQ issues.
Julián Castro takes jab at Joe Biden's memory,"During Thursday night's ABC News Democratic debate, Julián Castro took aim at Joe Biden when the two clashed over health care."
Joe Biden asked if Trump committed impeachable offense,"Former Vice President Joe Biden said during an appearance on ""Jimmy Kimmel Live!"" that ""it's awful hard to avoid the conclusion"" President Donald Trump ..."
‘You’re a Real Sweetheart’,Two interactions between Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden and critics show has a habit of responding with sarcastic condescension to young ...
Biden’s comments about black families risk undercutting African American support,"Joe Biden came in for criticism Friday from some African Americans who found his debate comments about black families to be patronizing or worse, the latest ..."
Joe Biden tells story of a gang leader named 'Corn Pop' - Insider,"Presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden has a story he's repeated a few times about a run-in with a gang leader named ""Corn Pop"" while he ..."
Gene Lyons: Joe Biden’s ‘Corn Pop’ story was best left unsaid,"Uncle Joe may or may not be showing his age, but he's always talked too much about too many things."
Biden calls for gun control; ex-governor Miller endorses him,LAS VEGAS (AP) — Former Vice President Joe Biden returned to Las Vegas on Friday to hold a town hall on the city's east side and an evening fundraiser.
Joe and Hunter Biden: Three questions about Ukraine corruption,"According to the whistleblower complaint, President Trump asked the president of Ukraine to look at 2020 candidate Joe Biden and his son Hunter."
'I don’t see any path for Biden to win the nomination without South Carolina',The former vice president is betting it all on the black vote.
Biden invokes son Beau in fiery health care response,Former Vice President Joe Biden issued a fiery response to Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) while discussing health care plans during the Democratic primary debate ...
Trump’s Claims About Biden Aren’t ‘Unsupported.’ They’re Lies.,"On Sept. 24, 2015, Geoffrey Pyatt, then the American ambassador to Ukraine, spoke in Odessa about the scourge of corruption. It was about a year and a half ..."
Can We Talk About Biden’s Age?,Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | Google Play | RadioPublic | Stitcher. Is Joe Biden's shakiness on the ...
"As impeachment furor grows, Joe Biden comes to LA",LOS ANGELES — Democratic presidential hopeful Joe Biden will make a fundraising swing through the Southland today as a new poll showed he's falling far ...
Joe Biden Photo Gallery | America 2020,See photos related to Joe Biden and the 2020 presidential election.
California real estate billionaire George Marcus prepares to host Joe Biden for 2020 fundraiser,It's a sign that the prominent Democratic donor is opening his network to the former vice president.
Julian Castro's heated exchange with Joe Biden,Julian Castro shares a heated exchange with former Vice President Joe Biden at the Democratic debate in Houston. Comments (0). Share to Facebook Share to ...
Joe Biden: We can take millions of vehicles off the road,"Former Vice President Joe Biden tells CNN's Anderson Cooper about what it would take for mass transit and a rail system in the US to succeed, and how electric ..."
Biden says Trump administration has ‘abandoned our leadership in the hemisphere’,"In his first public campaign event in Miami since announcing his candidacy for president in April, former Vice President Joe Biden blasted President Donald ..."
"Joe Biden Arrives In LA For Fundraisers, ‘Kimmel’ Appearance","LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) — Former Vice President Joe Biden made a fundraising swing through Los Angeles Wednesday, as new poll data show the politician ..."
Watch 'Conversation with the Candidate' with Joe Biden,"Former Vice President Joe Biden, a Democratic candidate for president, spoke face-to-face with New Hampshire voters in the latest installment of ""Conversation ..."

Joe Biden Fires Back at Trump: ‘You’re Not Going to Destroy Me’,"RENO, Nev. — Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. on Wednesday night delivered his most forceful response yet to President Trump's attacks on him and ..."
"Despite Trump attacks, Joe Biden center stage at debate","The former vice president returns to center stage in Tuesday's debate and a chance to strike hard at President Trump. Still, Biden can't shake doubts about his ..."
Joe Biden calls for Trump's impeachment for the first time,"Biden joined many of his rivals in the 2020 Democratic field in unequivocally saying Trump ""should be impeached."""
The Many Ways That Joe Biden Trips Over His Own Tongue,Digressions. Mix-ups. Mistakes. Joseph R. Biden Jr. has a choppy speaking style that could undermine his message at a time when he needs to attract more ...
The Zombie Campaign,"Joe Biden is the least formidable front-runner ever. Will it matter? Here, Olivia Nuzzi goes inside his 2020 presidential campaign."
Finley: Ask Joe Biden about Hunter's conflicts,"Joe Biden is waging a major counter-offensive to mute discussion that his son, Hunter, benefited financially from foreign business deals while his father was vice ..."
"Biden Faced His Biggest Challenge, and Struggled to Form a Response","As Trump made unfounded allegations about Biden and his son, the former vice president was torn over what to do. He now looks more vulnerable than at any ..."
"Joe Biden defends son Hunter against Trump's attacks, says he will be part of 2020 campaign","Former Vice President Joe Biden defended his son Hunter, who he said will be part of Biden's campaign for president. ""I knew it was going to be this way,"" Biden ..."
Joe Biden’s race against time,The former vice president's most formidable opponent is not another Democrat. It's our idea of what it means to be old.
"Joe Biden Refocuses on White, Working-Class Voters","After months of preaching the gospel of civility and unity on the campaign trail, former Vice President Joe Biden returned to a sharper message on…"
Joe Biden blasts Trump for 'squandering' a strong economy and forgetting the middle class,Joe Biden says in the key 2020 swing state Pennsylvania that President Trump is abandoning the middle class through his policies.
"In NH, Joe Biden Says President Trump Must Be Impeached",Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said Wednesday for the first time that President Donald Trump must be impeached for abusing the powers of his ...
Joe Biden was denied communion at Catholic church in South Carolina,Former Vice President Joe Biden was denied communion Sunday at a Catholic church in South Carolina over his support for abortion rights.
Why Do Joe Biden’s Supporters Like Joe Biden?,"Ben: Your cover story on Joe Biden's odd campaign details many of his shortcomings — his unsteady debates, his serious fundraising struggles, his lack of ..."
Joe Biden Ramps Up Offense And Defense Against Trump's Ukraine Attacks,"The former vice president had sparingly responded to President Trump's attacks. But this week, Biden explained his dealings with Kyiv as ""fully transparent ..."
Biden: Trump has indicted himself,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden reacted to President Donald Trump's recent comments regarding him and his son Hunter's alleged overseas ...
Joe Biden calls for Trump's impeachment for first time,Former Vice President Joe Biden on Wednesday for the first time called for President Donald Trump's impeachment.
Joe Biden grapples with attacks from Trump and the rising Warren threat,Washington (CNN) Joe Biden has long wanted nothing more than this: a head-to-head matchup with President Donald Trump to show Democrats that he is the ...
Biden sought to avoid conflict of interest before 2008 campaign: Court records,"More than a decade ago, as then-Sen. Joe Biden launched his second presidential campaign, he asked a favor of his youngest son: stop lobbying -- according ..."
Biden’s Most Formidable Opponent Is Not Another Democrat,Questions about his age have dogged the former vice president throughout the primary.
Sluggish Fundraising Looms Over Biden’s Bid,"Joe Biden faces a distinct funding disadvantage against his major Democratic rivals in the months leading up to contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, creating ..."
"After Slamming Trump, Biden Apologizes For Referring To 'Partisan Lynching' In 1998","Within a span of a few hours, former vice president and current 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden both condemned President Trump's use of the ..."
Biden: My son did nothing wrong. I did nothing wrong,"During the Democratic Party's presidential debate, former Vice President Joe Biden responded to President Donald Trump's attacks on himself and his son ..."
Democrats Must Admit Joe Biden's Family Profits Off Him,"Democrats have sidestepped the question of Hunter Biden's ethics, and how much responsibility Joe Biden deserves. Republicans, though, have no such ..."
Joe Biden needs to take his final bow,Joe Biden ought to be working on an exit strategy. This presidential thing is simply not working out. And he has not improved his prospects by joining the clown ...
"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden campaigns in West Point, Iowa","Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden stopped in West Point, Iowa Wednesday afternoon to explain his plans for the nation's top job. He wants to rebuild ..."
Trump Suggests China Should Also Investigate Former Vice President Joe Biden,"President Trump suggested China should investigate former Vice President Biden, further escalating a fight with Democrats as they conduct an impeachment ..."
The Biden campaign intensifies its criticism of Facebook,"The Biden campaign ramped up its criticism of Facebook in a second letter to the social media giant, calling for the platform to reject another false anti-Joe Biden ..."
Biden throws his campaign a lifeline,"By reversing course and dropping his opposition to super PACs, Joe Biden has all but admitted he's getting swamped in fundraising. But it was a strategic retreat ..."
How Close Are Barack Obama and Joe Biden?,Steven Levingston's “Barack and Joe” looks at a relationship that continues to influence American politics.
Why Biden is getting crushed in the all-important money race,Joe Biden's campaign is drawing more support from big-ticket donors than any other candidate in the race — yet he still can't match his rivals' cash flow.
The Ukraine mess is bad for Joe Biden. He should not run for president,"Even if there was nothing corrupt about Hunter Biden's dealings in Ukraine, Joe Biden comes out looking bad enough that he should drop out of the Democratic ..."
Is Hunter Biden a problem for Joe Biden?,"President Donald Trump's desire for foreign governments to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, has become the basis of the ..."
Joe Biden tries to turn attention to ‘wholly unfit’ President Trump,"Joe Biden on Saturday sought to take a more aggressive tone in combating President Trump, a shift in strategy amid signs of worry among campaign donors and ..."
Biden Fund-Raising Effort Trails Sanders and Buttigieg,"Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. has raised $15.2 million in the past three months, his campaign said Thursday, a drop-off of $7 million from the ..."
'Trump sold them out': Joe Biden hits the president over Syria troop withdrawal in Iowa speech,"DAVENPORT, Ia. — President Donald Trump sold out United States allies and gave ISIS ""a new lease on life"" by withdrawing troops from Syria, former Vice ..."
Ex-Biden aides lead newly launched super PAC,An outside group aiming to help Joe Biden's presidential candidacy amid attacks from President Donald Trump officially launched Wednesday with a video and ...
The Note: Biden bets on practicality over purity,"Joe Biden's campaign has pronounced itself open to the support of Super PACs. Campaign aides are framing it as the only choice ""in this time of crisis in our ..."
Joe Biden apologises for 1998 remark on lynching,"After condemning Mr Trump, Mr Biden apologises for using the same term metaphorically in 1998."
What’s Eating Joe Biden?,He was the above-the-fray front-runner a few months ago. Now he's taking a different tone.
‘We’re Asking You to Dig Deep’: Biden Seeks to Steady Finances as Allies Fret,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign is spending more money than it is taking in, unlike his top 2020 rivals, and showing an inability to galvanize big financial ..."
Biden Outlines Higher Education Platform,Former vice president and Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden outlined a $750 billion-a-year higher education package that would make two years of ...
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden comes to North Carolina,Biden discusses student-loan forgiveness and outlined what he believed American values are at Hillside High School in Durham.
Joe Biden and the politics of grief,"INDEPENDENCE, Iowa — The doctors said Chuck Taylor's quadruple bypass had gone about as well as it could go, so the next day, his wife, Patricia, thought it ..."
Joe Biden spent more than he raised in the third quarter of 2019,Former Vice President Joe Biden burned through his campaign donations at a blistering pace over the summer -- spending more than he took in and leaving ...
"Joe Biden says his children won't ""have offices in the White House""","In a ""60 Minutes"" interview with Norah O'Donnell, former Vice President and 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden said it's ""improper"" to have the president's ..."
Biden's new ethics plan includes constitutional amendment to publicly finance elections,Former Vice President Joe Biden is set to roll out a new comprehensive ethics plan that includes a constitutional amendment to publicly finance elections.
Joe Biden to attend Seattle fundraiser co-hosted by Amazon general counsel,Biden's tapping of financial help from a top Amazon leader comes as his polling and fundraising edges have faded in the Democratic presidential primary.
Is impeachment damaging Biden's 2020 bid?,"Donald Trump is facing impeachment, but Joe Biden could also endure political fallout from the Ukraine controversy."
The new rules of ‘electability’ mean Joe Biden can’t win. Guess who can?,Democratic primary voters are too focused on appealing to fictional centrists or Midwest swing voters. But appealing to the middle fails.
Joe Biden attacks Trump's 'weakness' after president's insults - Business Insider,"Democratic presidential contender Joe Biden hit back at President Trump in a tweet Thursday, after Trump hurled insults at Biden and his son, Hunter, at a ..."
Joe Biden's Son Hunter Stepping Down From Chinese board,"Facing intense scrutiny from President Donald Trump and his Republican allies, Hunter Biden says he will step down from the board of directors of a ..."
"Biden Gets Tough, Slams Trump for ‘Smears’","A newly fiery Joe Biden is shooting back at President Donald Trump for trafficking in debunked accusations about him and the Biden family, saying the president ..."
Donald Trump has no idea what he’s doing on foreign policy | Opinion,"'The next president will face the enormous responsibility of picking up the pieces of America's foreign policy,' Joe Biden writes in a guest column."
"Joe Biden on son Hunter Biden's connection with Ukraine company: ""He did not do a single thing wrong"" - 60 Minutes",Joe Biden said his son did nothing wrong while serving on the board of a Ukrainian gas company while the former vice president was serving under the Obama ...
"Caught in Trump impeachment storm, Joe Biden holds steady","The Ukraine scandal hasn't seemed to hurt Joe Biden's standing in the polls. But as he attacks Trump, the Democratic candidate runs a risk – having his own ..."
Joe Biden spent way more on private jets in the third quarter than his top 2020 Democratic rivals,"Presidential candidate Joe Biden spent more than $923000 on private jet travel in the third quarter, which is more than eight percent of the total his campaign ..."
Joe Biden calls Trump 'unhinged' in first new ad of $6 million early-state push,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign says President Donald Trump is ""lying about the one Democrat he doesn't want to face"" in the first new spot to be included in ..."
This is Joe Biden’s checkered Iraq history,"In the Senate, Joe Biden backed Bush's Iraq push. As vice president, he backed Maliki but helped defeat ISIS. Will 2020 election voters care?"
Joe Biden says Congress should pursue impeachment even if it hurts 2020 Democrats,Joe Biden said President Donald Trump should still be investigated even if it leads to political damage against 2020 Democratic contenders.
Joe Biden Is Fundraising With Pittsburgh Real Estate Moguls,"Former Vice President Joe Biden is holding a high-dollar fundraiser next month in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, co-chaired by two of the area's biggest real estate ..."
Biden in Search of an Argument,"If Joe Biden had a reasonable explanation for his family's lucrative ventures in countries where he was leading U.S. policy as Vice President, he likely would ..."
Opinion: Did we just watch Joe Biden lose the primary?,"It was a week when Joe Biden couldn't catch a break. Every major news story, even those seemingly unconnected to his candidacy, landed a *fresh* blow on ..."
Joe Biden Under Pressure From Hollywood Donors To Hit Donald Trump Harder; Some Looking To Warren As Fallback,"EXCLUSIVE: As Joe Biden heads into a full day of events and visits to the Hollywood ATM on Thursday, he feeling the heat from some of his most influential ..."
Joe Biden stays out of public eye in Bay Area. Why is that?,"Joe Biden chose to spend his time in the Bay Area sequestered with wealthy donors at three fundraisers. But that's not surprising, right? All the presidential ..."
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden on why he is running for president,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden campaigned in Durham, N.C. on Sunday, Oct. 27, 2019."
Palo Alto: Joe Biden announces $15 million fundraising total and blasts Trump,Former Vice President Joe Biden announced to donors at a private fundraiser in Palo Alto on Thursday that he had raised $15 million over the last three months ...
Joe Biden Plans Two Events Here This Week,"Former Vice President Joe Biden is scheduled to be in our area on Tuesday. The Democratic presidential candidate is expected to be at two events – first, a priv."
Joe Biden's campaign says it raised $15.2 million in Q3,"Joe Biden's campaign said on Thursday it has raised $15.2 million in Q3, setting the former vice president in 3rd place among the 2020 Democrats who have ..."
Thiessen: Joe Biden is a hypocrite on Ukraine,Why didn't the U.S. provide this military assistance when Biden was Obama's point man on Ukraine?
Debunking 4 Viral Rumors About the Bidens and Ukraine,"As lawmakers examine whether President Trump pushed Ukraine to investigate the Biden family, here are some of the most prominent falsehoods that have ..."
Biden recounts funny moment with Obama,Former Vice President Joe Biden tells Anderson Cooper about a humerous moment he shared with former President Barack Obama in the White House while ...
What Joe Biden Learned at the Last Two Impeachments,"Until Wednesday, he had resisted calling for President Trump's impeachment. His experience as a senator helps explain his restraint."
Hear Joe Biden's response to his son's foreign business while he was Vice President,"Joe Biden addressed his son's foreign business while he was Vice President at the Democratic presidential primary debate on Oct. 15, 2019."
Biden Escalates Attack on Facebook Over False Political Ads,WASHINGTON — A 30-second video ad that ran on Facebook this week falsely accused former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. of blackmailing Ukrainian ...
Would Obama endorse Joe Biden? Don't be so sure,The author of “Barack and Joe” — a new book on the relationship between Barack Obama and Joe Biden — says that despite their chummy “bromance” while in ...
"On Climate Change, Biden Has a Record and a Plan. Young Activists Want More.","No presidential candidate has Joseph R. Biden Jr.'s experience in the trenches of the climate wars. For a youth-driven movement, though, he may not be the ..."
Joe Biden Stresses His Part in Elizabeth Warren’s Signature Accomplishment,Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren got into a direct confrontation late in the debate on Tuesday night as the pair of ...
Joe Biden's campaign accused The New York Times of a 'smear campaign' - Business Insider,"Former Vice President Joe Biden's presidential campaign accused The New York Times on Wednesday night of ""actively participating"" in a ""smear campaign"" ..."
Joe Biden is counting on Hispanic voters. Can they count on him?,"Joe Biden has long counted on his vast popularity among African American voters as key to his 2020 presidential campaign. But Hispanics, the nation's fastest ..."
2020 Daily Trail Markers: Joe Biden pushes back on Trump's claims,Joe Biden rebutted allegations Friday that his son Hunter Biden's presence on the board of a Ukrainian energy company when the older Biden was vice ...
Former Sen. Chris Dodd endorses Joe Biden for president,"Former U.S. Sen. Chris Dodd endorsed Joe Biden for president Friday, saying he watched him closely for 30 years as they worked together on key legislation in ..."
Fact-checking Joe Biden's claim that he was among the poorest in government,"In challenging President Donald Trump to release his tax returns, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said he had released 21 years of his returns and ..."
Is Joe Biden the only Democrat who can win Ohio?,A smattering of Republicans as well as Democrats gathered during a heavy rain storm Thursday to help raise money for Joe Biden's financially ailing campaign.
"Joe Biden describes his health care plan using Pete Buttigieg's term, 'Medicare for all who want it'","MAQUOKETA, Ia. — Former Vice President Joe Biden on Wednesday referred to his health care plan as ""Medicare for All Who Want It,"" employing the phrase ..."
Joe Biden's Mysterious Claim That He Whipped Votes for the CFPB,Joe Biden told Elizabeth Warren that he “got votes” for her consumer agency creation. No one in Congress can remember the specifics.
"China rejects Trump's request to investigate Joe Biden, report says","Trump said last week that China ""should start an investigation"" into Joe Biden and his son Hunter."
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden talks about President Donald Trump,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden talks about President Donald Trump during a campaign stop in Durham, N.C. on Sunday, Oct. 27, 2019."
"Biden: Family won't be part of any foreign operation, period","Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden stated that if he is elected president, no family member or associate of his will be involved in any foreign operation."
Biden far from frontrunner in Q3 fundraising,Joe Biden is losing ground among likely Democratic voters. And now he's being outraised by his primary opponents. The former vice president reported raising ...
"Many Black Voters Like Joe Biden, but Some Are Open to Other Democrats","Black voters in South Carolina have been key to Joe Biden's standing in primary polls, but interviews suggest these supporters could be persuaded to support ..."
The Obama effect has helped Joe Biden with black voters. Will it last?,"With or without the Ukraine issues, Biden needs African American voters to win the Democratic nomination."
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden calls for president Trump's impeachment,Former Vice President Joe Biden for the first time voiced his support for impeaching President Donald Trump during a campaign appearance Wednesday in ...
"Hunter Biden, Burisma, Ukraine, and Joe Biden explained","Hunter Biden is at the center of the fake misconduct accusations against his father, former Vice President Joe Biden, that generated real misconduct by President ..."
Democratic hopefuls backtrack on Joe Biden attacks,Leave Joe Biden alone.” That is what Sen. Kamala Harris told reporters in San Francisco when asked about the former VP's complicated Ukraine “problem.
Biden says he asked Barack Obama NOT to endorse him (2019),"Former Vice President Joe Biden says former President Barack Obama has not endorsed him at the 2020 hopeful's request. During an interview on CBS' ""60 ..."
Biden fires back at Trump on Ukraine: 'He is the definition of corruption',Former Vice President Joe Biden issued some of his strongest rebukes to date of President Donald Trump's allegations against him after revelations that Trump ...
Joe Biden coming to Durham for campaign trip,"Former Vice President Joe Biden will be making a pre-Halloween trip to Durham, North Carolina."
Joe Biden denied communion at S.C. Catholic church,S.C. -- Former Vice President Joe Biden was denied communion Sunday at a Catholic church in South Carolina over his support for abortion rights.
"Opinion: I Asked Joe Biden A Tough Question, So He Called Me A Child. He Wants To Be President?","You might have seen the video doing the rounds this week: Joe Biden, who was asked a tricky question by a young activist, responds about as condescendingly ..."

Joe Biden fights two-front war with Trump and Democratic rivals,"Joe Biden made his way down the long corridor of the New Hampshire State House that his campaign lined with cheering voters, and he did it slowly."
What Joe Biden Can’t Bring Himself to Say,His verbal stumbles have voters worried about his mental fitness. Maybe they'd be more understanding if they knew he's still fighting a stutter.
Joe Biden Is Schrödinger’s Candidate,The former vice president still appears to be the Democratic front-runner. So why does everyone say his campaign is doomed?
Whose Soul Is Joe Biden Fighting For?,"On Saturday morning, in Des Moines, Joe and Jill Biden, the former Vice-President and Second Lady, appeared at a rally alongside some prized guests."
Why Joe Biden Resonates With Blue-Collar Voters,Joseph R. Biden Jr. has durable support from a multiracial coalition of working-class voters who view him as one of their own.
Joe Biden says he would let Justice Department decide whether to prosecute Trump if he is elected,Joe Biden said on Wednesday that he would not order his administration to investigate Donald Trump if the former vice president is elected in 2020.
Joe Biden: 2020 Democratic presidential candidate shares his views on current issues,We asked presidential candidates questions about a variety of issues facing the country. This is what Democratic candidate Joe Biden had to say about climate ...
Joe Biden: An Anti-Endorsement,His long record of poor judgment and cozying up to bankers makes him the wrong candidate to take on Donald Trump.
Joe Biden proposes $1.3 trillion infrastructure overhaul — and swipes at Trump for inaction,"Joe Biden targets President Trump for a lack of progress on infrastructure, one of his key campaign promises in 2016."
What Joe Biden Actually Did in Ukraine,The aims and the aftermath of a legacy project that underscores Mr. Biden's years of diplomacy — but has been swallowed by the subplot of his son and a ...
Is Joe Biden finished? | TheHill,"Joe Biden has his challenges ahead, but he is very much in this race."
One-on-One with former Vice President Joe Biden as he continues to campaign in Nevada,"LAS VEGAS (KSNV) -- During a town hall event at Matt Kelly Elementary School on Saturday, Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe ..."
CNN town hall with Joe Biden: Live updates,"Joe Biden, former vice president and Democratic presidential candidate, takes questions on a host of issues at CNN's town hall in Iowa. Follow here for the ..."
Biden Is Struggling in Iowa and His Supporters There Know Why,"The former vice president's backers have noted a lack of enthusiasm and a spotty campaign operation as reasons Joe Biden is lagging in Iowa, not to mention a ..."
Why the Obama legacy is complicated for Joe Biden in 2020,Joe Biden invokes his *service* as former President Barack Obama's No. 2 early and often. But running largely on someone else's legacy can be fraught with ...
Can Joe Biden's electability argument help him hang on in Iowa?,"Fort Dodge, Iowa (CNN) Joe Biden's fundraising slowed so much that allies launched a super PAC. He's slipped in the polls enough to drop from Democratic ..."
"Joe Biden lashes out at protesters, telling one to 'vote for Trump' - Business Insider","Former Vice President Joe Biden told an immigration activist who was questioning him on the Obama administration's record that he should ""vote for Trump."
Watch our interview with Joe Biden,"In his third bid for the presidency, former Vice President Joe Biden has long been considered a 2020 Democratic frontrunner. But recent polls show him losing ..."
Joe Biden attends fundraiser in Providence,Former Vice President Joe Biden spent some time in Providence on Sunday raising money for his presidential campaign. The private event was held at a home ...
That protester Joe Biden told to vote for Trump says he’s not done interrupting,"GREENWOOD, S.C. — Carlos Rojas drove all the way to South Carolina from Elizabeth, N.J., last week to confront former Vice President Joe Biden about the ..."
The strange tale of Biden’s bid to ban horse meat,"In 2013, an oil heiress hired a Florida state senator to lobby the federal government on behalf of a pet cause: banning the slaughter of horses for meat."
‘Nobody has a better track record’: Supporters laud Joe Biden’s experience after Portland fundraiser,Former vice president and Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden is in Portland for a private fundraiser.
'I had to turn the loss into purpose': How Joe Biden shares Iowans' grief on the campaign trail,Joe Biden's personal losses have helped him connect with voters on a personal level few other candidates can match.
"Joe Biden Tells Democrats, ‘We’ve Got to Stop This Circular Firing Squad’",Former Vice President Joe Biden warned Democrats to halt a “circular firing squad” in the 2020 race as he seeks to slow rivals' momentum ahead of Iowa's ...
"Joe Biden ramps up Texas campaign, naming state director","The Democratic presidential candidate is also getting support from another Texas state senator, Burleson's Beverly Powell."
"Joe Biden: Stacey Abrams, Sally Yates could be potential vice president picks",Joe Biden identified several prominent Democratic women when asked at a town hall in Iowa who he would choose as vice president.
What then-Vice President Joe Biden did with Ukraine sounds like bribery,"With only months left in his tenure in the White House, President Barack Obama strategically placed career diplomat Marie Yovanovitch as U.S. ambassador to ..."
"Joe Biden stumbles on race, pot, sexism at Democratic debate","Joe Biden has been slipping in the polls lately, and the fifth Democratic debate of the 2020 presidential primaries most likely did not help his standing."
"Joe Biden says Stacey Abrams, Sally Yates could be potential VP picks while speaking in Iowa",Joe Biden identified several prominent Democratic women when asked at a town hall in Iowa who he would choose as vice president.
Military Times questionnaire: Former Vice President Joe Biden,Joe Biden is a former senator from Delaware and served as vice president under Barack Obama from 2008 to 2016. Military Times reached out to his campaign ...
Joe Biden's Democratic debate word salad gives plenty to chew on,The former vice-president has always had an idiosyncratic way with words and the Atlanta debate offered examples galore.
Joe Biden planning 8-day Iowa 'No Malarkey' bus tour,"CEDAR RAPIDS - With 75 days until Iowa's first-in-the-nation presidential caucuses, former Vice President Joe Biden is planning an eight-day, 18-county 'No ..."
The quest to find Joe Biden's young supporters – do they actually exist?,"Young people are getting Bernie Sanders tattoos and Andrew Yang even has his own 'Yang Gang' – but at Biden rallies, the youth vote is conspicuously absent."
Joe Biden campaign fires back after North Korean media calls him a 'rabid dog',"Former Vice President Joe Biden's campaign fired back after North Korean state media called him a ""rabid dog"" who ""must be beaten to death with a stick.""."
Biden: Lindsey Graham will 'regret his whole life' doing Trump's bidding on Ukraine,"Joe Biden said he is ""embarrassed"" for South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham over the Republican's willingness to do President Donald Trump's bidding and ..."
Biden: Trump 'gigantic impediment' to US moving forward,CNN's Dana Bash joins former Vice President Joe Biden on the campaign trail as he makes his case to primary voters and explains why he is the best candidate ...
Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan endorses Joe Biden,"Former Democratic presidential candidate Rep. Tim Ryan endorsed Joe Biden's presidential bid Wednesday, saying the former vice president has the ability to ..."
"Trump defends, mocks Joe Biden after North Korea calls former VP a 'rabid dog'","President Donald Trump leapt to the defense of former Vice President Joe Biden Sunday after North Korea called his potential 2020 rival a ""rabid dog."""
Democratic donor class is panicked about Joe Biden's weakness - Business Insider,The Democratic donor class' collective panic over former Vice President Joe Biden's weakness in the 2020 field is driving possible last-minute entries into the ...
Meet the Young Joe Biden Stans - GEN,"Alladin Dafalla is pretty certain he's all in on Joe Biden. Sure, Dafalla admits the former vice president lacks the Big Ideas Energy of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie ..."
"Yes, Joe Biden is too old – The Maine Campus","The fifth installment of the Democratic debate series took place on Wednesday, Nov. 2, in Atlanta, and Joe Biden was recorded on stage with his foot more firmly ..."
Joe Biden's Stutter,"NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro talks with John Hendrickson of The Atlantic about a recent essay he wrote on Joe Biden's stutter, reflecting on his own difficulties ..."
"At Debate, Joe Biden Says He Would Make Saudi Arabia a “Pariah”","Foreign policy took center stage in Wednesday night's Democratic debate, with former Vice President Joe Biden saying he would not sell weapons to Saudi ..."
North Korea calls Joe Biden a 'rabid dog' who deserves to be beaten to death,"SEOUL — North Korea has launched another volley of insults at former vice president Joe Biden, calling him a “rabid dog” who is greedy for power and ..."
"Joe Biden visits Seattle on Friday, protest planned",Democratic presidential hopeful Joe Biden will visit Seattle Friday to attend a pair of campaign fundraisers. Few details are known about Biden's exact schedule.
Older voters really like Joe Biden. That’s good news and bad news for him.,"Joe Biden is leading in most Democratic presidential primary polls, and he has one group in particular to thank: older voters. In one recent Iowa poll, 31 percent ..."
Biden campaign launches counter-messaging website on Trump's Ukraine narrative,Former Vice President Joe Biden's campaign on Wednesday launched a new website aimed at combating what they see as misinformation being pushed by ...
"Pete Buttigieg surges to second, Joe Biden regains national lead in new poll",WASHINGTON – Former Vice President Joe Biden has rebounded to take the lead of the crowded field of Democratic contenders in a new national Quinnipiac ...
"Joe Biden has 99 problems, but Ukraine ain't one","There are good reasons to question Joe Biden's candidacy, but Donald Trump's fabricated Ukraine scandal isn't one."
The Meme-ability of Joe Biden,"Last week, Democratic candidate Joe Biden held a rally at the Los Angeles Trade Technical College that catered to the community college audience. Though ..."
When the Staff Can’t Tell the Candidate What’s Wrong,Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton differ in many ways. But beneath each candidate's marquee scandal lies the same core defect: insularity.
Joe Biden faces criticism from 2020 rivals after saying marijuana could be a 'gateway drug',"Joe Biden said Saturday he still opposes legalizing marijuana on the federal level, telling attendees at a town hall in Las Vegas that he wants to see more study ..."
Did Joe Biden Overstate Democratic Voters’ Opposition To ‘Medicare For All’?,"When the subject of “Medicare for All” came up during the Democratic debate last week, former Vice President Joe Biden claimed that the majority of his party ..."
Joe Biden's infrastructure deja vu,"The infrastructure plan Joe Biden released Thursday morning is heavy on high-speed rail, transit, biking and other items that Barack Obama championed during ..."
Joe Biden plans Iowa push after concerns grow about his weakness in the first voting state,"IOWA CITY — On Joe Biden's sixth day as a presidential candidate, he stood in front of a crowd at a brewery here and proclaimed that he would be in the state ..."
Axelrod: Biden 'Mr. Magooing' his way through debate,CNN's David Axelrod and Van Jones discuss 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden's performance in the November Democrat debate.
Trump’s Senate Impeachment Defense Will Be to Put Joe Biden on Trial,There's every reason to believe Trump will try to mount an extended attack on Biden as part of his defense in a Senate trial.
Cory Booker goes after Joe Biden for his stance on marijuana laws,The debate over the legalization of marijuana came up in one of the buzziest moments in Wednesday's Washington Post-MSNBC Democratic presidential ...
Joe Biden Has $1.3 Trillion Plan for Our Infrastructure,"Joe Biden made national headlines when he described New York's LaGuardia Airport as a “Third World” facility. Now, the former vice president turned 2020 ..."
Biden’s senior Latina adviser quits in frustration,"A senior Joe Biden campaign staffer in charge of outreach to Latino, African-American and women's groups has quit her post, telling two allies she was frustrated ..."
I Asked Biden About Obama-Era Deportations. He Told Me to Vote for Trump.,"I was shocked to hear the 2020 Democratic front-runner tell me to my face to vote for Trump, simply because I pressed him on a question about basic dignity for ..."
Joe Biden Holds 2020 Presidential Campaign Fundraising Event In Pittsburgh,PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — The race for the White House brought one of the leading Democratic candidates back to Pittsburgh. Joe Biden was downtown on ...
Joe Biden attends Delaware Veterans Day ceremony before heading to Iowa,"Before heading to Iowa for campaign stops, Joe Biden attended the state's Veterans Day ceremony on Monday."
Election 2020: Joe Biden on America's Standing In the World,"In the first of a series of Wall Street Journal interviews with Democratic 2020 candidates, former Vice President Joe Biden staked out a firm argument for the v."
Biden responds to Warren's comments on 'angry' charge,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), in a fundraising email for her presidential campaign, addressed the innuendo stoked by former Vice President Joe Biden and ..."
Watch Joe Biden's full interview with Don Lemon: Part 1,"2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden talks about the latest candidates to join the Democratic field, the impeachment hearings and more in a wide-ranging ..."
Joe Biden rages against school shootings in L.A. rally,"Joe Biden raged at the gun lobby, congressional Republicans and President Trump as he spoke about the deadly Saugus High School shooting. Biden held his ..."
Joe Biden continues jabbing at Elizabeth Warren over Medicare for All,"Former Vice President Joe Biden is challenging U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's Democratic bona fides, stoking the flames of the front-runners' ongoing feud over ..."
"Speaking at the ‘House of Amazon,’ Joe Biden gently raises company’s role in middle-class job losses","Joe Biden raked in campaign cash at two private Seattle fundraisers on Friday, including one at the home of a top Amazon executive, where the former vice ..."
Biden goes on offense,Perhaps it was the batch of New York Times/Siena polls showing former vice president Joe Biden doing significantly better than Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) ...
Former vice president Joe Biden to visit Charles City,The race for the White House starts its most grueling leg after Thanksgiving – and every road leads through the caucus state of Iowa. Former vice president Joe ...
"Ridiculous D.C. Invite of the Week, Joe Biden Fundraiser Edition","Joe Biden continued his “Elizabeth Warren is an elitist” tour last night with three separate high-dollar fundraisers, including one that could have been held inside ..."
Michael Bloomberg probably thinks Joe Biden's candidacy is doomed - Business Insider,Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's expected entrance into the 2020 race is a clear sign that the billionaire thinks former Vice President Joe Biden's ...
"Biden’s, Warren’s absence at California gather irks top Dems",LONG BEACH — The decisions by Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren to skip a weekend gathering of thousands of fervent California Democrats less than three ...
“Like Watching a Child Without Training Wheels”: Biden’s Debate Performance Is a Warning to Democrats,"When you're at number one in Iowa and rising fast in New Hampshire, then a giant hammer is headed your way. So viewers of Wednesday's Democratic debate ..."
Sleepy Joe Biden leads to sleepy Democratic debates,"Benjamin Franklin famously said that only two things in life are certain — death and taxes. Well, with all due respect to Ben, he missed one: Biased debate ..."
Joe Biden’s Friends and Backers Come Out on Top—at the Expense of the Middle Class,"Delaware is a small place. Two days after statewide elections, the winners and losers pair up in horse-drawn carriages and rattle through Georgetown ..."
Elizabeth Warren would gain the most from Joe Biden dropping out - Business Insider,About 60% of Joe Biden's supporters say they'd also be satisfied with Elizabeth Warren as the 2020 Democratic nominee.
"“It Felt Like Watching the End of the Biden Campaign”: Explaining the Weird Persistence and Stunning Weakness of Biden, Putative Front-Runner","His campaign can appear near moribund—and yet simultaneously, in some polls, he's the only bona fide Trump-slayer. Can Warren or Buttigieg pick up the ..."
Joe Biden to visit our region to file for primary election,"Joe Biden and his wife, Jill, will be in New Hampshire Friday to file his paperwork for the primary election."
‘We’re not stupid’: Why Biden is dodging the California Dem convention,The threat of California's progressive boo birds is reason enough for Joe Biden to skip the state's giant Democratic Party convention next week. But the added ...
Biden says Warren ‘is making it up’ on ‘Medicare For All’ payment,"Former Vice President Joe Biden attacked Sen. Elizabeth Warren's new health care plan Friday, saying his chief 2020 Democratic rival was obscuring the real ..."
Biden: Trump one of most corrupt people to be president,CNN's Erin Burnett asks Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden if he believes his son Hunter should have to testify in open impeachment hearings.
Biden calls out candidates who question his health,Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden discusses newcomers entering the 2020 Democratic primary race and their reasons for ...
Are Joe Biden's gaffes related to a lifelong stuttering problem? | TheHill,The Democratic presidential candidate's gaffes may be rooted in a little-understood disability.
Presidential candidate Joe Biden visits Providence for fundraiser,The former vice president spoke at a private fundraising event at a home on the city's East Side.
Dozens of Obama alums rally to boost Biden at D.C. fundraiser,More than 30 high-ranking Obama administration officials are hosting a Wednesday soiree for Joe Biden intended to be equal parts fundraiser and public show ...
Democratic Stalwarts Flock to Support Joe Biden,Joe Biden may be losing some ground in the polls to the more progressive Democratic presidential candidates but he still holds sway with the party loyalists.
California Democrat John Garamendi endorses Biden for president,"US Rep. John Garamendi on Saturday endorsed Joe Biden's 2020 presidential bid during an interview with CNN, saying he's ""all in"" for the former vice ..."
Joe Biden’s epiphany theory is contradicted by the Ukraine scandal,"Former Vice President Joe Biden has an idea about how things are going to change in 2021 when he's sitting in the Oval Office — freed of the spell of Trump, ..."
"Joe Biden’s support drops in latest Iowa Poll, but likely caucusgoers say he’s most likely to beat Trump",Biden leads on whether poll respondents believe he can beat Trump: 52 percent of likely Democratic caucusgoers say Biden could beat Trump.
Joe Biden Files Paperwork for First-in-the-Nation New Hampshire Primary,"Former Vice President Joe Biden filed paperwork Friday to put his name on the ballot for New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation primary, being held in February...."
Joe Biden’s campaign slams Elizabeth Warren’s plan to fund Medicare for All,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign is slamming rival Elizabeth Warren's plan to pay for ""Medicare for All"" -- accusing the Massachusetts senator of misleading ..."
Will the foreign policy community carry Joe Biden to victory?,Joe Biden just racked up a lot of foreign policy endorsements. Does it matter?
"Hey, Joe Biden: You need to take on that false Ukraine smear, or you’ll lose me",The former vice president needs to make it clear that his son made a dumb decision to take a cushy job for the corrupt Burisma board. But everyone knows he ...
'Middle-Class Joe' Biden May Be in Trouble With US Workers,The Democratic frontrunner's mixed economic record leaves him vulnerable to progressive opponents.
Did Joe Biden overstate Democratic voters’ opposition to ‘Medicare for All?’,"When the subject of “Medicare for All” came up during the recent Democratic debate, former Vice President Joe Biden claimed that the majority of his party does ..."
"Joe Biden, Behind in Money Race, Has Returned Nearly $1 Million to Donors, Far Outpacing Rivals","Former Vice President Joe Biden's presidential campaign has returned nearly $1 million in campaign donations since launching his campaign in April, far..."
How Deval Patrick could torpedo Joe Biden,Deval Patrick looks like the ideal candidate to break Joe Biden's grip on African-American voters. He's just the second elected black governor since ...
Jill Biden to open Joe Biden campaign office in Northwest Iowa,"SIOUX CITY -- Jill Biden, the wife of Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden, will speak in eight public events over two days in Northwest Iowa, including ..."

'You've Got to Have Purpose.' Joe Biden's 2020 Campaign Is the Latest Test in a Lifetime of Loss,"It's dark inside Joe Biden's campaign bus, a lumbering blue diesel emblazoned with the slogan Battle for the Soul of the Nation. On this late…"
Opinion | Joe Biden Says Age Is Just a Number,"Joe Biden commands a boardroom. Meeting with the Times editorial board [Related: What Is an Editorial Board?] on Dec. 16, he moved fluidly among policy ..."
Joe Biden Campaigns Like He's Inevitable. That Might Be Premature,"In the final days ahead of the Iowa caucuses, former Vice President Joe Biden is looking past his Democratic opponents and sharpening his critique of the man ..."
Joe Biden goes to his secret weapon to close the deal in Iowa,"With 10 days left before Iowa voters, uh, vote, former Vice President Joe Biden is trying to close the deal with this message: I'm the safe pick."
"The unsinkable Joe Biden? Many months and many gaffes later, Biden is still ahead","Former Vice President Joe Biden has proven to be surprisingly durable, despite countless gaffes and controversies, which could be enough for him to win."
Biden's Backers: They Want a President Who Knows How They Feel,"At a campaign event in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Wednesday night, a couple hundred people listened to Joe Biden describe what he plans to do if he wins his ..."
Why Iowans May Be Ready to Settle for Joe Biden,"Like many Iowans, Roxanne Gusthaveson still isn't sure whom she'll caucus for next week. But her focus on finding a candidate who can beat President Donald ..."
How Joe Biden Talks About a Touchy Subject: His Son,"As he runs for president, Mr. Biden has repeatedly faced questions about the overseas business dealings of his son, Hunter Biden. He has mostly kept his cool ..."
President Joe Biden: Here's what it would mean for California,"Former Vice President Joe Biden has plans for immigration, infrastructure and transportation that are in line with California's — in some cases. In other cases ..."
Joe Biden unspools an endless supply of ‘Bidenisms’ on the campaign trail,"MASON CITY, Iowa — Joe Biden was slaloming through his stump speech here the other day when he decided to begin imparting some family wisdom, passing ..."
"Joe Biden, Incumbent",The Democratic primary looks less peculiar if you ascribe to the former vice president the strengths—and weaknesses—of incumbency.
‘Middle Class’ Joe Biden has a corruption problem – it makes him a weak candidate,"emocrats are trying to choose a candidate to beat Donald Trump, the most corrupt president in history. Some think nominating Joe Biden, a moderate white man ..."
Joe Biden Has Not Been Challenged,Joe Biden should be happy—he's about to become the Democratic nominee as long as his rivals fail to question his candidacy. Joe Biden has led in national ...
Is a Good-Enough Candidacy Good Enough for Joe Biden?,"Joe Biden has no trouble lingering in place, wherever he is, especially if there's a point he wants to finish — or start. Generally it does not matter how many ..."
Joe Biden Is Stronger Than You Think,It was yet another epic failure of political punditry. Go back to the early months of Joe Biden's presidential campaign and read what the consultants and ...
Are We Ready for Joe Biden as Commander in Chief?,"The former vice president touts his foreign-policy expertise, but his record is dubious."
2020 candidate profile: Joe Biden,Joe Biden is running in the Democratic primary for president.
Joe Biden's 'West Wing' fantasy,Jeff Yang says Joe Biden's recent comment that he'd consider a Republican running mate underscores just how much of his appeal is rooted in made-for-TV ...
Candidate profile: Joe Biden,"(NEXSTAR) — Joe Biden, 77, served two terms as vice president under then-President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2017. Prior to being named Vice President, ..."
Joe Biden Announces $22.7 Million in Fourth Quarter Fund-Raising,"WASHINGTON — Joseph R. Biden Jr. said on Thursday that he had raised $22.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, a significant improvement from his ..."
How Joe Biden defended his Iraq vote,"As the US War in Iraq continued to unravel in the spring of 2004, then-Sen. Joe Biden delivered a commencement speech at the University of Delaware where ..."
Joe Biden shows strength in Democratic race weeks from Iowa,"Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) Less than four weeks from the Iowa caucuses, former Vice President Joe Biden in many ways appears to be in a stronger position now ..."
Joe Biden wipes away tears: 'Beau should be the one running',"Joe Biden became emotional in an interview Wednesday when asked about how his late son guides him on the campaign trail. ""Beau should be the one running ..."
Joe Biden says he'll commit resources needed to win Texas for Democrats,ARLINGTON -- Joe Biden said Wednesday that if he is the Democratic party's presidential nominee he would commit the cash and resources needed to turn ...
Joe Biden's campaign chairman rallies Wall Street donors for a big fundraising push ahead of primaries,Joe Biden's campaign chairman privately met with some of Wall Street's top donors last week in an attempt to rally them around the former vice president's push ...
Fact-Checking Joe Biden Before the Iowa Caucuses,"The former vice president has made inaccurate claims this month about his record on Social Security, race and foreign policy."
"Inside Joe Biden's Iowa plan: Nuns get the message out, target vets, focus on minorities","DES MOINES, Iowa — While his crowd sizes are underwhelming, Joe Biden is hoping veterans, Catholics and people of color will be his secret weapons in the ..."
Joe Biden campaign ad continues lean into foreign policy pitch ahead of Iowa,"Joe Biden is betting big on foreign policy, launching a revamped foreign policy ad with a *fresh* focus."
Joe Biden is using Trump's impeachment attacks to show Democrats he 'can take a punch',"Muscatine, Iowa (CNN) Joe Biden had a question for the crowd gathered to see him in Muscatine, Iowa, on Tuesday: ""Did anyone see what your senator, Joni ..."
Joe Biden to campaign in Sioux City on Friday,SIOUX CITY -- Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden will hold a public campaign event in Sioux City on Friday.
Video: Joe Biden answers questions about his presidential campaign and the Trump impeachment trial,"Joe Biden, former Vice President and 2020 Democratic presidential hopeful, answers questions about his campaign and about the impeachment trial of ..."
"Impeachment Trial Brings Biden Awkward Heat, Lucky Timing","President Donald Trump's impeachment trial will once again put an uncomfortable spotlight on Joe Biden and his son Hunter, but also offers the former vice ..."
"Joe Biden’s Agreeable, Terrific, Very Good, Not at All Bad Week","Joe Biden (almost certainly) had a better week than you did. Over the past seven days, the ramblin' septuagenarian has seen his two top rivals for the ..."
Joe Biden speaks on Iran — and bolsters his electability argument,"If foreign policy stature is needed to beat Trump, the former vice president has a case."
Here is how Joe Biden will spend his first 100 days,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden spoke with reporters at The State Newspaper.
Joe Biden: Trump is worst possible leader to deal with coronavirus outbreak,Donald Trump has blithely tweeted that 'it will all work out well.' Yet the steps he's taken as president have only weakened our capacity to respond.
Mayor Eric Garcetti endorses Joe Biden for president,Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti endorses Joe Biden in the 2020 Democratic nomination contest as the former vice president visits Southern California.
How Biden stopped his Iowa tailspin,"DUBUQUE, Iowa — Sliding steadily in the polls and battling a narrative that he couldn't endure the kind of rigorous campaign schedule Iowans demand, Joe ..."
Former Vice President Joe Biden speaks at Simpson College,About 350 people gathered at the Grand Hall at Simpson College to hear from former Vice President Joe Biden. Biden was welcomed by former Iowa State Sen.
Viral video of Joe Biden hints at a big problem in 2020,"Biden's comments in a viral video seemed more likely to be heard at a Trump rally, but the context was stripped out."
Joe Biden's Checkered Ethical History Is Fair Game for Criticism,"Joe Biden has a history of shady dealings, from protecting the interests of corporate donors to the business in Ukraine. Running him against our corrupt ..."
Former Vice President Joe Biden planning campaign stop in Council Bluffs,"COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (WOWT) -- Former Vice President and current democratic presidential contender Joe Biden is planning another sweep through Iowa ..."
Biden charges Sanders camp ‘doctored video’ to attack him,"INDIANOLA, Iowa — Joe Biden accused Bernie Sanders' campaign Saturday of issuing a “doctored video” to attack him over Social Security, a false claim that ..."
‘Clever’: Biden plays the Obama card,"Barack Obama hasn't endorsed his former vice president, Joe Biden. But you wouldn't know that from watching Biden's newest campaign ad. “We all know that ..."
The media finally discovered Joe Biden,The press belatedly realize that what voters think about a candidate is more important than what they see on social media.
Deconstructed Podcast: Does Joe Biden Have a Corruption Problem?,Zephyr Teachout joins Mehdi Hasan to discuss Joe Biden and the culture of corruption in Washington.
Time to blow the whistle on Joe Biden,"Hardly had the possibility surfaced that the GOP-controlled Senate could subpoena him as an impeachment witness, than Joe Biden told the Senate to go ..."
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Former Vice President Joe Biden campaigns in Council Bluffs days before Caucuses,"COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa. (WOWT)-- With four days left to the Iowa Caucuses former Vice President Joe Biden is making one last stop in Council Bluffs."
Joe Biden must explain his Ukraine dealings,Democrats impeached President Trump for putting his own political fortunes ahead of the national interest in dealing with Ukraine. But it's Joe Biden who should ...
Biden seeks distance from impeachment saga,"Bernie Sanders canceled an Iowa rally scheduled for Wednesday. Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar and Michael Bennet didn't bother scheduling any ..."
Rep. Seth Moulton Endorses Joe Biden for President,"Rep. Seth Moulton (D., Mass.) on Monday endorsed Joe Biden for the Democratic Party's nomination for president, citing what he said was the former vice ..."
Former Sen. John Kerry On Why He's Backing Joe Biden For President,Former Senator and Secretary of State John Kerry is backing former Vice President Joe Biden for president. WGBH Morning Edition host Joe Mathieu spoke with ...
"Joe Biden bus tour to hit SC pavement with ‘Barbershop’ actor, Olympic figure skater",A bus bearing Joe Biden's name in giant letters and carrying a little star power will hit S.C. roads soon to promote the former vice president's bid for the White ...
Stop saying Biden is the 'most electable'. Trump will run rings round him,Stop saying Biden is the 'most electable'. Trump will run rings round him | Joe Biden | The Guardian.
Joe Biden’s Virginia advantage,A recent presidential poll confirmed a hard truth for Virginia Democrats: Former vice president Joe Biden may be the only guy who can keep the commonwealth ...
"The Bidens, Burisma and impeachment, explained","Joe Biden, Hunter Biden and their roles in Ukraine and Trump's impeachment are sure to come up repeatedly. Here's what you need to know."
Joe Biden’s Campaign To Run Obama ‘Who He Is’ Spot In Iowa Markets During Grammys,"Joe Biden's 60-second “Who He Is” spot, featuring President Barack Obama's speech about the former vice president at a 2017 Medal of Freedom ceremony, ..."
'You have to make it fun': Jill Biden opens up about life on the campaign trail,"Concord, New Hampshire (CNN) Jill Biden isn't a stranger to the presidential campaign trail, having stumped for her husband's bid for president and vice ..."
Biden Push for Labor Support Is Burdened by Obama-Era Baggage,Supporters of the former vice president say he can win back union members who rejected Hillary Clinton. But he must overcome some hard feelings first.
The most consequential vote of a generation still haunts Joe Biden,"No single vote in Congress, except perhaps the passage of the Affordable Care Act, has had more impact on modern US politics than the one authorizing the ..."
Joe Biden tells The State he is the best 2020 candidate to help down ballot SC races,"Former Vice President Joe Biden defended himself against questions of whether he was the best candidate to win in November, telling The State newspaper on ..."
Biden Warns About Disinformation After Misleading Video,"ANAMOSA, Iowa — As the Democratic presidential candidates fanned out across Iowa and New Hampshire on Thursday to address voters still scarred by ..."
"Hunter Biden agrees to pay child support to Arkansas woman, avoids contempt hearing","Hunter Biden, the son of leading Democratic presidential contender Joe Biden, has agreed to pay an undisclosed amount of monthly child support to an ..."
This Democratic electorate is perfect for Joe Biden,Washington (CNN) There are two data points in CNN's new 2020 poll that have to make former Vice President Joe Biden and his presidential campaign feel very ...
Joe Biden Lied About His Social Security Record,"Over the past few weeks, former Vice President Joe Biden has been making an effort to recast his record on Social Security as one of a champion who defended ..."
Rep. Seth Moulton endorses Joe Biden,"Rep. Seth Moulton of Massachusetts endorsed Joe Biden Monday, saying the former vice president ""has the experience and judgment not just to win in ..."
"Joe Biden is overwhelming favourite among black voters, poll finds",Joe Biden received some good news ahead of what promises to be a challenging Iowa caucus: a poll released on Saturday that shows him the overwhelming ...
"As Biden Makes Push in Iowa, His Ground Game May Have Some Gaps","Democratic officials and some activists for the candidate say Joe Biden's Iowa organization is weak in some areas, which could hurt him on caucus night. Biden ..."
It’s not just older voters who are giving Joe Biden his lead with black Americans,There are more younger black voters backing Joe Biden than the popular narrative suggests.
Joe Biden's son Hunter ordered to Arkansas court for contempt hearing in paternity case,A judge ordered Hunter Biden to appear in an Arkansas court for a hearing on whether he should be held in contempt for failing to disclose financial information ...
Jill Biden describes a Joe Biden presidency,CLINTON — Jill Biden asked an audience at the Iowa for Biden office in Clinton on Thursday to imagine a Joe Biden presidency.
Joe Biden Is Losing Ground Among Older Voters,"Biden remains older voters' top choice, but Sen. Bernie Sanders is slowly earning more of their support in a number of new polls."
The Case for a One-Term Joe,The quickest way to get a President Stacey Abrams or President Pete Buttigieg is to first elect a President Biden.
Biden Is Smart to Talk About a Republican V.P.,This article is part of David Leonhardt's newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday. About 70 percent of Americans identify themselves as either ...
Former Vice President Joe Biden touts foreign policy experience at Sparks campaign rally,"SPARKS, Nev. (News 4 & Fox 11) — Former Vice President Joe Biden is blaming President Donald Trump's withdrawal from a nuclear agreement with Iran in ..."
"With Biden, Will Democrats Be Both Safe and Sorry?",Since the moment he declared he was once again running for president—in fact since well before then—Joe Biden has floated near or at the top of the public ...
Joe Biden Has Advocated Cutting Social Security for 40 Years,"As early as 1984 and as recently as 2018, former Vice President Joe Biden called for cuts to Social Security in the name of saving the program and balancing ..."
Joe Biden's elevator moment may be as good as a New York Times endorsement,You may have heard that The New York Times made some history Sunday night by endorsing not one but two Democratic presidential candidates: Elizabeth ...
Joe Biden’s Vote for War,"In October 2002, he was one of 77 senators who gave President George W. Bush the authority to use force in Iraq. He is still trying to explain that choice."
Biden campaign fires back at Trump's legal team,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden and his campaign fired back at President Donald Trump's legal team's attacks on Hunter Biden.
The Secret to Joe Biden’s (Hypothetical) Electability,There are many reasons to fear that Joe Biden will not be a strong general-election candidate. The Democratic front-runner is implicated in many of the biggest ...
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden to open Rock Hill office. Here’s where.,"Former Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden will open a campaign office in Rock Hill, South Carolina, on Ebenezer road. Biden has ..."
Sanders and Biden spar over Iraq War vote,"During the CNN/Des Moines Register debate, Sen. Bernie Sanders faulted former Vice President Joe Biden for voting in 2002 to authorize the use of force in ..."
The strongest case for Joe Biden,"I'm not thrilled with the prospect of Joe Biden winning the Democratic nomination and becoming president, and I know no one who is. That doesn't mean I hate ..."
New York power set comes off the sidelines to back Biden,"Joe Biden is locking down support from powerful New York donors who have spent the past year flirting with multiple candidates, setting him up for a major cash ..."
How Joe Biden is campaigning in Iowa a month from the caucuses,"Waterloo, Iowa — Less than a month from the Iowa caucuses, Joe Biden is continuing to overwhelmingly target rural communities throughout the state. In fact ..."
When Joe Biden Came to Visit,"The former vice president's interview with the editorial board, and the deliberations that followed."
"Joe Biden appeals to undecided, Trump-weary Democrats",ANAMOSA - Joe Biden said he understands why Iowa Democrats are taking so long to make up their minds: Donald Trump.
Kamala Harris Is Said to Be Weighing an Endorsement of Joe Biden,"Senator Kamala Harris is weighing an endorsement of Joseph R. Biden Jr., according to multiple Democratic officials familiar with her deliberations. Such a ..."
Signs that Biden is Illinois Dems' establishment bet,"Party pros seem to be lining up behind Biden, while the list of delegates for Trump includes none of the state's former GOP governors nor top business leaders ..."
Seth Moulton is endorsing Joe Biden for president,"Five months after ending his own 2020 presidential campaign, Rep. Seth Moulton is wading back into the Democratic primary race. The Massachusetts ..."
"Joe Biden: Worse than even his policies, Donald Trump is destroying America's soul","We don't have to give in to Donald Trump's petty, angry vision of America. We can choose to be the more perfect union we have always aspired to be."
How the death of Joe Biden’s son informed his views on health care,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden says that former President Barack Obama offered to help pay his son Beau's brain cancer medical bills. He now ...
Joe Biden hires Colorado state director for presidential campaign,"Former Vice President Joe Biden announced a Colorado state director Monday, joining a handful of rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination who are ..."
Joe Biden boosts Super Tuesday case with Sewell endorsement,"Joe Biden has secured a weighty Deep South endorsement for his presidential campaign, with Alabama's lone Democratic House member on Friday ..."
Joe Biden fires back at Bernie Sanders after video surfaces,"CNN's Jeff Zeleny reports on the ""circular firing squad"" of leading Democratic rivals unfolding on multiple fronts."
The Stump Speech Analyzer: Joe Biden,"Editor's note: PolitiFact is analyzing the Democratic presidential candidates' stump speeches. Following our summary of the speech's main themes, we present ..."
"Kamala Harris considering endorsing Joe Biden for president, source says","Washington (CNN) Sen. Kamala Harris is considering endorsing former Vice President Joe Biden for president ahead of the California primary, a source close to ..."
The coming clash between Bernie and Biden,Bernie Sanders' first major tangle with Joe Biden — over a 2010 deal that Biden struck with Republicans that liberals believed threatened Social Security ...
"In Marion, Joe Biden says next president must be ready 'on day one' to unite the country",MARION - Dotti Loscabio thought she might give Joe Biden some good luck if she shook his hand after he spoke Monday.

How Joe Biden lost his front-runner status,Joe Biden's scramble to regain his footing in New Hampshire after a poor showing in Iowa ended in a half-filled Radisson Hotel ballroom.
Joe Biden still needs to reckon with this question,"Amid the chaos in Iowa on Monday, former Vice President Joe Biden made one thing very clear: No matter what the results from the Hawkeye State ultimately ..."
How Biden Blew It,"WEST DES MOINES, Iowa—The Friday night before the Iowa caucus, John Kerry was standing on the sidewalk in front of Joe Biden's campaign headquarters, ..."
Joe Biden: Who is he and where does he stand on key issues?,A decades-long Democratic resume could prove more of a hindrance than a help to the former vice president.
Why Joe Biden needs ‘a political miracle’ to stay in the race to face Trump,"Barack Obama's vice-president is floundering in the Democratic primary, losing key support as vital votes loom."
Joe Biden’s Last Stand,He loves South Carolina. He said he will win South Carolina. He spent the days before the primary reminding South Carolina why it should love him back.
Joe Biden's new reality: What happens when a candidate who guarantees wins starts by losing?,"Nashua, New Hampshire (CNN) Joe Biden has insisted for months he's the only sure-fire winner in a head-to-head match-up with President Donald Trump in the ..."
Joe Biden revitalizes his campaign with win in South Carolina,"Former Vice President Joe Biden Saturday surged to a strong victory in the South Carolina primary, revitalizing a stalled presidential bid and establishing himself ..."
"His campaign on the line, Joe Biden goes missing in New Hampshire","The former vice president holed up with advisers in Delaware, preparing for a debate and hoping for a reset after a drubbing in Iowa."
2020 presidential race: Who is Joe Biden?,Former Vice President Joe Biden announced in April 2019 that he is running for president.
"For Joe Biden, Two Bad Losses and a Precarious Path Forward","MANCHESTER, N.H. — Joseph R. Biden Jr.'s fifth-place finish in the New Hampshire Democratic primary on Tuesday plunged his campaign further into peril ..."
Biden left New Hampshire earlier than expected to go to South Carolina,Former Vice President Joe Biden left New Hampshire earlier than expected Tuesday to go campaign in South Carolina. Ahead of what could be a lower finish in ...
Joe Biden comes out swinging in New Hampshire – but is it too late?,The former vice-president is campaigning with newfound fire after a brutal wake-up call in Iowa.
Joe Biden: A Really Nice Guy for President,His pitch in Iowa couldn't be simpler. Is it what voters want?
Joe Biden's struggles extend to Congress as Bloomberg racks up endorsements,"Washington (CNN) For months, national polls of the Democratic presidential primary showed former Vice President Joe Biden as the most popular candidate."
"Joe Biden, speaking to donors in Denver, takes digs at Sanders and Bloomberg",Former Vice President Joe Biden is dropping in the polls in the Democratic presidential race while a self-described democratic socialist is on the rise. In the ...
Joe Biden praised mayors as the 'heartbeat' of America just last year,"Joe Biden belittled Democratic rival Pete Buttigieg's experience as South Bend, Indiana, mayor this weekend in the harshest attack ad of the party's presidential ..."
Joe Biden: On to New Hampshire and beyond,"Former Vice President Joe Biden gives a speech during his Iowa election night party, despite the delay in results from the Iowa caucuses."
"Joe Biden holds a wide-ranging, unfiltered press conference in New Hampshire","For 20 minutes it was Joe Biden, live and unplugged. Standing with a hand-held microphone, before a dozen TV cameras and scores of reporters, the former ..."
Several Joe Biden fundraisers jump ship from his struggling campaign to back Mike Bloomberg,"Key fundraisers are jumping ship from Joe Biden's struggling presidential campaign to instead support Mike Bloomberg's ascending candidacy, according to ..."
"Joe Biden, trying to catch Bernie Sanders, bets on South Carolina","Former Vice President Joe Biden, leaving Las Vegas behind, is placing all his chips on South Carolina as his best — and perhaps last — chance to reverse a ..."
Biden announces 'six figure' Super Tuesday ad campaign,Joe Biden's campaign is launching advertising in Super Tuesday states — but the small ad buy leaves the former vice president significantly outmatched by most ...
Joe Biden Is Collapsing,"Joe Biden brought his “No Malarkey” tour to a New Hampshire debate stage on Friday night. But in promising to tell the truth, he accidentally exposed his own ..."
Joe Biden's Last Stand: Why the Former Vice President Needs A Convincing Win in South Carolina,"South Carolina could be the last stand of Joe Biden's political career. “If Biden doesn't have a big win, the reality is, it's over,” says one Democratic strategist who ..."
Opinion | Joe Biden’s Campaign About Nothing,"With his Iowa and New Hampshire thumpings etched into the record books, it's finally safe to say that Joe Biden's deepest problem as a candidate is that he can ..."
"Biden, Seeking Revival, Is Counting on at Least Second Place in Nevada","Joe Biden's first two finishes sent his national poll numbers plummeting and put his donors on edge. He wants Nevada to begin his comeback, not accelerate his ..."
Voter to Biden: 'What the hell is going on with your campaign?',Biden said his campaign was aware that he would face difficulty in the Iowa caucuses due to lack of diversity in the state.
Joe Biden's Legacy In South Carolina | Here & Now,Former Vice President Joe Biden is banking on his long-running ties to South Carolina to win Saturday's Democratic primary and gain momentum to further his ...
Biden acknowledges he wasn't arrested in South Africa despite earlier claims,Former Vice President Joe Biden on Friday acknowledged that he wasn't arrested in South Africa during a visit to the country in the 1970s despite recently ...
The Benefits of Being Joe Biden’s Brother,Jim Biden has been at his brother's side at nearly every critical junction in Joe's life. He's also repeatedly tapped into Joe's political network for help with his ...
"Joe Biden plans more TV appearances as he looks to rebound from Iowa, New Hampshire losses",Joe Biden is hoping a TV blitz will help him bounce back from disappointing finishes in Iowa and New Hampshire.
Joe Biden on the Ropes,"This might be a good moment in history for an eminence grise to preside over a caretaker presidency. The country is bitterly divided, and the atmosphere will ..."
Obama slams 'despicable' attack ad against Joe Biden,"Barack Obama has made a rare intervention in the 2020 White House race to blast a ""despicable"" racially charged attack ad against Joe Biden. A pro-Trump ..."
Undecided voter asks Biden 'what is your fire?',Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden drew applause when he answered an undecided voter's question about what he's passionate about.
Joe Biden on Sanders: Americans 'aren't looking for revolution',"""Americans aren't looking for revolution. They're looking for progress,"" the former vice president told TODAY's Craig Melvin."
Joe Biden's lonely burden,"After a lifetime of politics as the family business, 2020 is the first campaign Biden is running without his two sons by his side, Murphy writes."
It's Time to Acknowledge That There is a “Problem” With Joe Biden,"For the entire campaign for the Democrat nomination for President, former Vice President Joe Biden has been a hot mess. It's only fair to point out that we all ..."
Biden: I’m not letting attacks on my family stop me,Former Vice President Joe Biden said that his “anger” at seeing his son become a 2020 campaign target cannot overshadow his platform. “I can't let my anger ...
"In His Own Words, Joe Biden Was ‘Seduced by Real Estate’","Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden, who was ranked the least wealthy senator in 2007, had a long history of buying homes he could barely afford."
Joe Biden flopped in Iowa. And so did the Democratic party's reputation,"The apparent malfunctioning of a new app, meant to transmit vote totals, threw the Iowa caucus in disarray. And this benefited some more than others."
Democratic debate: Biden predicts he will 'take a hit' in New Hampshire primary after 'gut punch' in Iowa,Former Vice President Joe Biden admitted early in the debate that he expects to take a hit in the upcoming New Hampshire primary after his poor performance in ...
Joe Biden declares himself back in the presidential race,"LAS VEGAS, Nev. (AP) — Joe Biden is declaring himself back into the race for the presidency after early results in Nevada showed the former vice president in ..."
Biden finally shows up to the debate stage — just in time,Joe Biden turned in a debate performance Tuesday night that might have just saved him from elimination. Desperately in need of some positive news heading ...
Cher says she still believes in Joe Biden,The legendary singer appeared to throw her support behind the former vice president in the Democratic presidential campaign on Monday.
Joe Biden's “inexplicable” no-show strategy makes him an outlier in Colorado's presidential primary,All of the Democratic presidential candidates are hosting rallies in Colorado ahead of Super Tuesday except Joe Biden. Democratic strategists are perplexed by ...
"Politics, Money, Siblings: The Ties Between Joe Biden and Valerie Biden Owens","A frequent surrogate for Joseph R. Biden Jr. on the campaign trail, Ms. Owens has a résumé that reveals how politics, business and family converge for the ..."
"After a Rocky Start in Iowa, Joe Biden Shakes Up His Campaign","After a bruising performance in Iowa, Joe Biden's presidential campaign is shaking up its leadership."
Joe Biden faces a key test -- and intense competition -- as the South Carolina primary nears,The former vice president is relying on relationships in South Carolina to revive his struggling candidacy. His rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination ...
Joe Biden Is Running Out Of Gas,"The former VP has lost the plot, voters say. And they're wondering if he will ever get it back."
Joe Biden Claims He Was Arrested in South Africa in the 1970s,Joe Biden has recounted a story — three times in two weeks — about being arrested on his way to see Nelson Mandela. He did not mention it in his memoir or ...
Joe Biden lost two small states. Moderates can still save him,To the editor: Will black voters save Joe Biden's presidential campaign? The answer is no. What might win Biden the Democratic nomination is moderate voters ...
This Is What It Looks Like When Joe Biden Is Actually Trying to Win Votes,Turns out he can bring some fire if he tries! Sanders and Buttigieg are the kindling.
Joe Biden’s Last Stand in South Carolina,"Two weeks before the South Carolina Democratic primary, which will be held on Saturday, Kevin Freel packed a cooler with Yuenglings and big oil cans of ..."
Joe Biden wants more than just to defeat Trump,It is clear that former Vice President Joe Biden has used his longstanding connections with the party's power structure to assemble a seasoned policy team that ...
Joe Biden’s run for the presidency is ‘toast’,"Joe Biden is toast, white toast, but toast, nevertheless. So, butter him up while there is still time. He is not going to be around much longer, let alone become ..."
Democratic presidential hopeful: Joe Biden,"Policy information for Democratic candidate for president, former Vice President Joe Biden."
"No matter how this race ends, I’m proud of Joe Biden",Joe and Jill Biden retreated to the big bathroom upstairs in their Delaware home to sort through the loss. For a proud man long driven by a belief that God had a ...
Commentary: Why I’m voting for Joe Biden,"We asked seven San Diego County residents to make the case for their preferred presidential candidate, either Republican President Donald Trump or one of ..."
Biden's hometown of Wilmington is known for its relationship-based politics,"Joe Biden's hometown of Wilmington is known for its small size and relationship-based politics. But just as in national politics, backlash has been brewing ..."
Is Joe Biden toast? States that matter are about to tell us,"Now that we Democrats have endured Iowa and New Hampshire, can we agree never to start off the primary season with those two states again? Democratic ..."
Joe Biden Has a Long History of Giving Republicans Exactly What They Want,"For Republicans, Joe Biden has long been the ideal negotiating partner — because he's so willing to cave in on most anything Republicans want. Senate ..."
Column: Did Joe Biden scare off our next president?,"Leonhardt: If you want to be president of the United States and have an opportunity to run, you should not let another candidate keep you from running in the ..."
Can Jim Clyburn save Joe Biden?,"In the right circumstances, the South Carolina primary, the first with a significant number of black voters, can have an enormous influence on the Democratic ..."
Biden on faith: I had to find purpose after losing my son,"During a CNN Democratic town hall in Charleston, South Carolina, former Vice President Joe Biden addresses how he would use his faith to make decisions for ..."
Joe Biden faces competition for black vote in his South Carolina 'firewall',"COLUMBIA, South Carolina — Joe Biden is facing increasingly formidable competition in South Carolina, a state his campaign has long assumed was safely in ..."
Biden gives emotional response to question of loss: 'I kind of know what it's like to lose family',"Anthony Thompson, who lost his wife in the Charleston Church shooting, asked Biden how he would use his faith in making decisions for the nation."
Biden on phone call: ‘I'll be damned if we're gonna lose this nomination’,Former Vice President Joe Biden — after his pair of devastating losses — tried to reassure supporters on an evening call Wednesday that “things haven't ...
Square/Gallup Survey: Joe Biden is the Top Choice for the Democratic Nomination Among Small Business Owners,"According to a survey conducted by Square and global analytics firm, Gallup, American small business owners are closely following the 2020 Presidentia."
Biden on Bloomberg: 'I don't think you can buy an election',"Former Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday he is eager to debate Michael Bloomberg, noting he doesn't think the former New York City mayor can ""buy an ..."
Biden jokingly calls woman a 'lying dog-faced pony soldier' after she asks him about Iowa,"Former Vice President Joe Biden raised eyebrows on the campaign trail Sunday when he jokingly called a university student a ""lying dog-faced pony soldier"" ..."
Joe Biden: I'm 'disappointed' in Lindsey Graham,Joe Biden said Sunday morning that he is disappointed' in Sen. Lindsey Graham for bowing to political pressure.
Biden: Impeachment hasn't 'shaken my faith' in working with Republicans,"Former Vice President Joe Biden said the impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump haven't ""shaken"" his faith"" in working with Republicans, ..."
Did Trump Lose His Big Gamble on Biden?,"Joe Biden might not be out, but he's way, way down. After consecutive poor showings in Iowa and New Hampshire, the onetime prohibitive front-runner is in ..."
South Carolina is supposed to be Joe Biden’s firewall. How’s that going these days?,"For months, former vice president Joe Biden has counted on South Carolina as a sure early win in the Democratic presidential race that would leave no question ..."
"Joe Biden: His Record, His Policies & His Donors","On this edition of Your Call, we'll wrap our coverage of presidential candidates by discussing former Vice President Joe Biden."
Joe Biden predicts Trump's next firing,"During a CNN town hall in Nevada, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden discusses the briefing shared with lawmakers warning them that the ..."
What Biden's win could mean for Super Tuesday votes,CNN's David Chalian and Van Jones break down what former Vice President Joe Biden's victory in the South Carolina primary could mean for his chances in ...
Chief Biden Strategist Lobbied to Undermine Obama Initiatives,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign has leaned heavily on his association with Barack Obama, touting ties to the former president in every debate and airing ..."
Joe Biden heckled on campaign trail in New Hampshire – video,Joe Biden was heckled at an event where he said his campaign had had a good night in Iowa.
Joe Biden - Foreign Policy,"The New York Times sent a survey to the presidential candidates about matters of war and peace, diplomacy and national security."
Joe Biden Rally in South CarolinaJoe Biden Rally in South Carolina,"Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. spoke to supporters in Columbia, S.C., after winning the state's primary on Saturday."
Reeling Biden campaign scrambles to soothe nervous supporters,"Shellshocked by two big losses, Joe Biden's presidential campaign tried to reassure donors, surrogates and the press about his path forward Wednesday while ..."
Jill Biden helps push advancing protester away from Joe Biden at New Hampshire campaign event,"A heckler attempted to interrupt former Vice President Joe Biden while he spoke in New Hampshire on the eve of the first-in-the-nation primary -- and his wife, Jill ..."
"Transcript: Joe Biden on ""Face the Nation,"" February 23, 2020","The following is a transcript of an interview with former Vice President that aired Sunday, February 23, 2020, on ""Face the Nation."""
Joe Biden still confident he's going to win South Carolina with African-American support,"Despite less-than-ideal finishes in the Democratic contests thus far, former Vice President Joe Biden said he's still confident he'll win the South Carolina primary ..."
Photos: Jill Biden stumps for husband Joe Biden in San Francisco,"Jill Biden, wife of former vice president Joe Biden, appeared at The Hivery at Fort Mason in San Francisco on Friday, Feb. 28 to meet voters and to get out the ..."
The good and bad of Joe Biden | Commentary | norfolkdailynews.com,"Joe Biden is against Medicare for All, and maybe that's enough reason to vote for him. But understand, too, that he wants to both eliminate and raise the capital ..."
Joe Biden 1-on-1 ahead of South Carolina primary | WATCH,"Is South Carolina do or die for Joe Biden? After leaving New Hampshire before results were revealed for the Democratic primary and losing Iowa, is his ..."
Where Does Joe Biden Go Now?,"Former vice president Joe Biden took big hits at the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary. Now his big bets on Nevada and South Carolina, which ..."
Biden opens up about stuttering and offers advice to young people who stutter,"Former Vice President Joe Biden opened up about his lifelong struggle with stuttering on Wednesday, offering a rare lengthy and personal reflection on how it ..."
"With the impeachment trial, Biden's political arc returns to the Senate","As former Vice President Joe Biden attempts a third act in his political life, and reaches for what would be a crowning political achievement, the Senate has once ..."
The Atlantic Politics Daily: How It All Went Wrong for Biden,A post-mortem on Joe Biden's disappointing fourth-place finish in Iowa. Plus: how the Trump campaign plans to weaponize disinformation in 2020.
Joe Biden lied about academic record in angry rant with voter,"Former Vice President Joe Biden abruptly announced that he was canceling plans to appear at a primary night party in New Hampshire, as voters headed to the ..."
"'This Week' Transcript 2-9-20: Joe Biden, Pete Buttigieg, Sen. Elizabeth Warren","Joe Biden, Pete Buttigieg, and Sen. Elizabeth Warren were on ""This Week"" Sunday, February 9. This is a rush transcript and may be updated."
Senior Adviser Anita Dunn On The State Of The Joe Biden Campaign,NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Anita Dunn after she took a leadership role in the Joe Biden campaign — and in advance of results from the New Hampshire ...
Joe Biden Helped Pull the Democrats to the Right,Ronald Reagan successfully dismantled the New Deal order and pulled liberals rightward. Reagan transformed the Democratic Party — and he was aided by ...
Joe Biden said some black parents 'can't read or write themselves' in 2019 - Business Insider,"The New York Times reported that Biden's remark, made in a 2019 meeting of black mayors, ""shocked and frustrated many in the close-knit group."""
Joe Biden drops claim he was arrested seeing Mandela,"Joe Biden was not arrested in South Africa while trying to see Nelson Mandela, his campaign has conceded. The US presidential contender had repeatedly said ..."
Joe Biden Was Never as Strong as People Said He Was,"At an event in New Hampshire, everything about the former frontrunner's campaign seemed broken."
Biden wins support of major Hollywood fundraiser,"James Costos, a former HBO executive and major Democratic donor who served as ambassador to Spain during the Obama administration, is throwing in with ..."

5 takeaways from Joe Biden's CNN town hall on the coronavirus response,Joe Biden during a CNN town hall Friday night detailed how he'd respond to the coronavirus pandemic.
"Joe Biden, Struggling for Visibility, Faults Trump's Response to Coronavirus","As President Trump holds daily briefings, Mr. Biden has kept a low profile, worrying Democrats who feel the president needs to be challenged more robustly."
"Biden calls for party unification, draws contrast to Trump in quiet victory speech","As Biden's victory speech circulated Tuesday night, viewers called his words presidential, a sign of leadership and a contrast to President Trump's bluster."
The Long Arc of Joe Biden,"Joe Biden's last Democratic rival is all but vanquished. A deadly, invisible virus is sweeping the country. A global recession is looming and no one knows what ..."
Joe Biden's historic and unbelievable political comeback dominates Super Tuesday,"Joe Biden just pulled off the biggest, fastest and most unexpected comeback in modern political history."
The Resurrection of Joe Biden,"Joe Biden's presidential candidacy is back from the dead, in the sort of electoral turnaround that makes pundits' heads explode. With the party's moderate wing ..."
"Democrats Decide That Joe Biden, as Risky as He Ever Was, Is the Safest Bet","The former vice president had the Super Tuesday of his dreams, winning in places he hasn't even set foot in recently."
"Joe Biden Is Poised to Deliver the Biggest Surprise of 2020: A Short, Orderly Primary",He has such a thorough hold on the party now that any collapse would probably require a political U-turn as sharp as the one that precipitated his rise.
Will Joe Biden's political record come back to haunt him?,Joe Biden has emerged as the front-runner in the Democratic nomination race to take on President Donald Trump in November's White House election.
What Joe Biden can be doing right now,"Once more, the stock market's plunge flipped the circuit breakers, bringing trading to a halt. The Post reports, “U.S. markets nose-dived Wednesday, with the ..."
How Joe Biden bounced back,Los Angeles (CNN) Joe Biden was standing on a stage above a blacktop basketball court just off Obama Boulevard as he watched his path to the Democratic ...
"Riding a wave, Joe Biden is on an upsurge after recent wins","ST. LOUIS — Sun glinting off his aviator shades and a pearly white smile beaming, former vice president Joe Biden was high on his comeback as he wound his ..."
Joe Biden postpones virtual fundraiser until next week following technical difficulties with online town hall,Biden's campaign has moved to virtual events as the coronavirus spreads and people are discouraged to gather together in crowds.
The Joe Biden at Sunday’s debate should terrify Donald Trump,Sunday night's Democratic debate was billed as the best chance for Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) to show he still has standing against former vice president Joe ...
Joe Biden Has Another Big Primary Night,"Voters went to the polls in six states yesterday, handing Joe Biden wins in Michigan, Idaho, Mississippi and Missouri."
"Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders Slam Trump For COVID-19 Response","Former Vice President Joe Biden vowed that, if elected, his administration would ""lead by science."" Sen. Bernie Sanders urged President Trump to declare a ..."
"Enjoy it, Joe Biden, because it won’t last","Former vice president Joe Biden handily won the South Carolina Democratic primary, but take a step back and the victory wasn't nearly as promising as his ..."
Joe Biden is blowing this campaign in more ways than one,"With Bernie Sanders refusing to exit the race to become the 2020 Democratic nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden finds himself drowned out by the noise ..."
Joe Biden campaigns in Texas fresh off his win in South Carolina,"The former vice president received big-name endorsements — including backing from former presidential candidates Beto O'Rourke, Pete Buttigieg and Amy ..."
55 Things You Need to Know About Joe Biden,Joe Biden's life in politics has been marked from its inception by its seismographic lurching from success to setback. Victories were followed by unthinkable ...
The New Coalition Behind Joe Biden Ahead of Super Tuesday,"The polls on the morning of Super Tuesday showed a staggering reversal in the Democratic race, with the former Vice-President pulling ahead of Bernie ..."
Joe Biden Needs to Bulk Up His Team. He’s Hiring a New Campaign Manager.,"WASHINGTON — Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. announced on Thursday that he had hired Jennifer O'Malley Dillon as his new campaign manager, ..."
The Case For Joe Biden,"Joe Biden treats everyone with the respect and dignity they deserve, writes Alex Bausch, and his long record of legislative experience backs that up."
Former Obama fundraising chief calls on over 700 bundlers to back Joe Biden's surging campaign,The architect of President Obama's 2012 fundraising juggernaut has reached out to more than 700 bundlers in a bid to convince them to back Joe Biden's ...
This Is Not the Joe Biden You Know,"There's a general consensus that a lot of Joe Biden's success on Super Tuesday is attributable to James Clyburn, the House Majority Whip from South Carolina."
Joe Biden gets Secret Service detail as he closes in on the 2020 Democratic nomination,"Discussion of Biden's protection arose earlier this month, when a protester stormed on stage where Biden was delivering a victory speech."
Joe Biden Wins Endorsements From Former Rivals While Campaigning in Texas,DALLAS -- Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden campaigned in Texas Monday hoping to capitalize on his big win in South Carolina over the weekend.
The View From The Joe Biden Camp After Super Tuesday,"NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Symone Sanders, senior adviser to Joe Biden's presidential campaign, about the results from Super Tuesday and the path ..."
‘Am I on Camera?’ Joe Biden’s Foray Into Virtual Campaigning,Technical glitches disrupted Mr. Biden's virtual town hall with voters in Illinois on Friday. Bernie Sanders held an online “fireside chat'' on Saturday. It's the new ...
How winning turned Joe Biden into a confident candidate,The former vice president has found his stride and his voice as he becomes a front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination...
Can Joe Biden thrive as a front-runner?,"He's used to running as an underdog, but that could help his front-runner status."
Joe Biden has come the closest to reassembling the Obama coalition. He still has work to do,"Biden's surge has been powered by a multiracial swath of Black and suburban voters, women, and Republicans disenchanted with President Trump. But his ..."
Fact check: Trump and his campaign promote dishonestly edited Biden video,Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump and his campaign promoted a dishonestly edited video on Saturday that wrongly made it seem as if Democratic ...
Sanders supporter: What I trust about Joe Biden,"""I hear you,"" said Joe Biden, and I believe him, author Ariel Dorfman writes. He met the candidate in 2003 at a TV taping about the Iraq war and was touched and ..."
The Ukraine conversation Joe Biden needs to have,Former vice president Joe Biden's astonishing political success over the past week has felt like a bandwagon for sensible politics. But to keep it rolling toward ...
Joe Biden's pledge could change the look of the Supreme Court,"Washington (CNN) In October 1980, when Ronald Reagan's presidential campaign appeared to be lagging, his strategists suggested he appeal to female voters ..."
Joe Biden’s first virtual town hall was an absolute technical nightmare,"When I logged onto Joe Biden's first-ever virtual town hall, I was greeted with one Illinois senator adjusting the angle of her webcam and another showing off an ..."
Biden makes pitch as an empathetic leader in new digital ad,"Joe Biden describes the coronavirus crisis as a ""war"" and frontline workers as ""soldiers"" in a new digital ad that will air in battleground states."
'We share a common goal': Joe Biden after winning key battleground states – video,"Joe Biden won Michigan's Democratic primary, seizing a key battleground state that helped propel Bernie Sanders' insurgent candidacy four years ago."
Joe Biden wants secret service protection after stage-rushers,Former Vice President Joe Biden says that he's worried that protesters have stormed the stage when he's been speaking at campaign events with his wife ...
Joe Biden fundraisers see millions of dollars in new commitments with Super Tuesday surge,Former Vice President Joe Biden went into Super Tuesday with fewer financial resources than other candidates. But he will be in much better shape by the end ...
Joe Biden Will Host ‘Virtual Events’ as Coronavirus Fears Heat Up,The Biden campaign's move to limit in-person campaigning marked the beginning of an extraordinary new chapter in an already tumultuous presidential race: ...
Protesters rush stage as Joe Biden makes Super Tuesday speech – video,"Joe Biden surged to Super Tuesday victories in nine states, sweeping the south and taking the key state of Texas in a remarkable comeback on the most pivotal ..."
Trevor Noah Confused By Joe Biden Gaffes: “This Is Not Good”,"Between the constant campaign rallies, debates, fundraisers and media interviews, running for president is obviously grueling. On tonight's installment of The ..."
Joe Biden’s struggles more worrisome than laughable,"In times of crisis there's a need for comic relief, and these are surely the most critical times most of us have ever experienced, yet there's increasing reluctance ..."
"Joe Biden Gives Speech After Wins in Illinois, Florida",Former vice president Joe Biden gives his victory speech Tuesday night after two massive wins against his opponent Bernie Sanders in the Florida and Illinois...
Joe Biden's inner circle: No longer a boys club,"Weeks before Joe Biden launched his 2020 presidential campaign, he released a social media video to address allegations from women who said his uninvited ..."
Joe Biden Delivers Speech Criticizing Trump Administration On Coronavirus Response,Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden gives a speech about coronavirus policy from his home state of Delaware. Here's a recap of what he says.
Is Joe Biden the Future of the Democratic Party?,"Joe Biden's pitch to voters has been remarkably consistent: he says he can unite older voters, people of color, and moderates into a coalition that can defeat ..."
Here's who endorsed former VP Joe Biden ahead of Super Tuesday - Business Insider,"Former Vice President Joe Biden claimed decisive victory in South Carolina's Democratic primary on Saturday, prompting numerous other presidential ..."
Joe Biden: six key policies from his 2020 presidential campaign – video report,Joe Biden has pulled off one of the greatest political comebacks in US politics and is now the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination. Here is a look at where ...
Joe Biden commits to picking a woman as US vice president,"The frontrunner for the Democratic nomination, former Vice President Joe Biden, on Sunday committed to naming a woman as his vice presidential candidate if ..."
Campaign Foreign Policy Roundup: Will Joe Biden Change His Foreign Policy?,"The Greek philosopher Heraclitus said that “No one ever steps in the same river twice.” His point, at the risk of oversimplification, is that all things change."
Biden vows to restore decency to the presidency if he wins,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden offered a message of unity after he won the Mississippi, Michigan and Missouri primaries on Super Tuesday II."
Pete Buttigieg endorses Joe Biden,"Washington (CNN) Pete Buttigieg endorsed Joe Biden for president Monday night, telling a crowd in Dallas the former Vice President is the right candidate to ..."
Two major Democratic groups back Biden with 9-figure campaign,"Two major outside Democratic groups launched a general election partnership to boost Joe Biden's presidential campaign with polling, opposition research and ..."
What Would Trade Policy Look Like Under a President Joe Biden?,"After some fits and starts, Joe Biden has emerged from a crowded field as the front‐​runner for the Democratic nomination. There's still some politicking left to go ..."
I just remembered Joe Biden is fine,"This is a little awkward, but better late than never! I suddenly remembered that Joe Biden is a dynamite candidate, something I had forgotten over the past few ..."
5 primary takeaways: Joe Biden is Democrats' antidote,"Joe Biden's surge toward the Democratic presidential nomination rolled on with a dominating victory in Florida, the largest delegate prize in Tuesday's primaries, ..."
"Joe Biden's business allies are pushing Kamala Harris, Amy Klobuchar as potential VP picks","Joe Biden is in the process of narrowing down his list of potential running mates, and his allies in the business community are weighing in with their favorite ..."
"Super Tuesday reveals Joe Biden, hiding in plain sight","For voters desperate to beat President Donald Trump, 2020 candidate Joe Biden showed he can do better than 2016 candidate Hillary Clinton: Our view."
Sen. Kamala Harris Endorses Joe Biden for President,Kamala Harris endorsed Joe Biden on Sunday and said she would “do everything in my power″ to help elect him.
Joe Biden wins Democratic presidential primary in Maine,"PORTLAND (WGME) -- Joe Biden has won the Democratic presidential primary in Maine, edging outVermont Senator Bernie Sanders. Biden led with 34."
Coronavirus Latest: Democratic Presidential Candidate Joe Biden Reveals Steps He Believes Will Curb Spread Of COVID-19,"WILMINGTON, Del. (CBS) — Democratic presidential candidates are addressing coronavirus concerns on the campaign trail. Former Vice President Joe Biden ..."
Examining The Youth Vote In Joe Biden's Broad Coalition Of Voters,"While the youth vote has largely gone to Sen. Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden has gotten some support from young people. Who are the younger voters supporting ..."
Why Biden's endorsement wave matters,Former Vice President Joe Biden is racking up endorsements.
Biden says he's raised $33 million in last month,"Joe Biden's presidential campaign has raised more than $30 million since the beginning of last month, the former vice president said on Monday."
Joe Biden confident at Oakland stop: ‘I think we’re going to do fine’,"Former Vice President Joe Biden put in a last-minute campaign swing through California, a state where he barely appeared in public during the run-up to Super ..."
Ex-Rival Sen. Cory Booker Endorses Joe Biden For President,"NPR's David Greene talks to NPR's Asma Khalid and Sen. Cory Booker, a former Democratic presidential contender, about former Vice President Joe Biden's ..."
Fact check: Joe Biden's comments on gun control,"Former Vice President Joe Biden, who's the current front-runner in the Democratic presidential primary, made several gun-related claims recently during an ..."
Joe Biden rally: Protesters interrupt over housing issues,"When Vice President Joe Biden walked out on stage at a campaign rally Saturday evening in front of the WWI Museum and Memorial in Kansas City, Missouri, ..."
Joe Biden Takes Command,The former vice president again won the majority of delegates in Tuesday's primaries. But will his moderate coalition be able to win over Bernie Sanders's ...
Watch Joe Biden speak after winning Maine's Democratic presidential primary,Former Vice President Joe Biden was set to address reporters in Los Angeles on Wednesday after winning 10 of 14 states voting in the Democratic presidential ...
Joe Biden's Endless Search for a Message,A compelling personal story has long obscured the substance of his politics.
Delaware residents delighted by Joe Biden's Super Tuesday success,"WILMINGTON, Delaware (WPVI) -- Tuesday turned out to be super for Joe Biden. The former vice president's campaign was seemingly on life-support just two ..."
Trump attacks Biden's cognitive health in possible general-election preview,President says 'there's something going on' with Democratic candidate in first public event since Super Tuesday.
Joe Biden to SC: Thank you!,"COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)– In a tweet shortly after he was declared the Projected Winner, the former Vice President thanked the Palmetto State. Joe Biden Twitter: ..."
The 'Exhausted Majority' Wakes Up for Joe Biden,Joe Biden's primary victories over Bernie Sanders gives hope that the moderate middle in America may finally be a force again.
Biden blindsides Trump’s Florida ally,"MIAMI — Joe Biden lauded seven governors — drawn from both parties — by name on Monday, praising their leadership during the coronavirus crisis."
Joe Biden's secret governing plan,Top advisers see a need to name a woman or African American as vice president.
Thomas: Joe Biden could be gaffing his way to the presidency,"The modern media trend is to make fun of President Donald Trump for his alleged and actual misstatements of fact. But you have to go a long way — in this case, ..."
Joe Biden Is No Longer Toast,"His presidential campaign is going according to plan: Start winning in South Carolina, and then don't stop."
Protests erupt at Biden’s raucous Detroit rally,"DETROIT — Protests at a raucous Joe Biden rally Monday night grew unruly at times, including one prolonged scuffle that knocked a senior Biden aide to the ..."
Joe Biden Just Killed the Momentum Theory of Politics,"An eight-word summary of the Democratic primary: Momentum is a myth, and demographics are destiny."
Three reasons Joe Biden will never be president,"Columnist Byron York: Joe Biden was sworn into the United States Senate on Jan. 3, 1973. He remained in the Senate until Jan. 15, 2009 -- a span of 36 years."
Joe Biden gives Pete Buttigieg the 'highest compliment' after primary - Business Insider,"""I don't think I've ever done this before, but he reminds me of my son Beau,"" Joe Biden said, as Pete Buttigieg stood behind him."
How Joe Biden Went from Middle-Class Joe to a Millionaire,"Joe Biden may be known to some by the nickname Middle-Class Joe, but the former vice president is actually a millionaire, many times over. At the start of his ..."
Why Joe Biden Is The Pragmatic Choice For Black Voters,"NPR's David Greene talks to, Theodore R. Johnson, senior fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice, on the political pragmatism of black voters."
2020 Primary Takeaways: It's Joe Biden's Nomination to Lose,"Joe Biden's path to the Democratic presidential nomination widened significantly Tuesday with commanding victories in Mississippi, Missouri and Michigan, ..."
This one number may explain why Biden won primaries,"CNN political forecaster Harry Enten looks at key numbers in the wake of the Illinois, Florida and Arizona primaries that explain how former Vice President Joe ..."
A second look at Joe Biden’s thoughts on foreign policy,"Earlier this week, the hard-working staff here at Spoiler Alerts asked whether, late as it was, “The Party Decides” hypothesis could still explain the 2020 ..."
"For Top Democrats, Joe Biden Is No Al Franken","Two years after forcing Al Franken's resignation from the Senate over sexual misconduct allegations, prominent Democrats now have to decide whether to stand ..."
Apple '21: Joe Biden is not Hillary Clinton 2.0,"As soon as former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.'s triumph on Super Tuesday became apparent, progressives at Brown and online began bemoaning the ..."
"Joe Biden Campaign Denies Sexual Assault Claims, But Says “Women Have The Right To Tell Their Story”","Joe Biden's campaign has spoken out over graphic sexual assault claims an ex-staffer has made. 'Women have the right to tell their story, and reporters have an ..."
Change Yet Comfort: Joe Biden's Formula to Win the Nomination,"Every Presidential election poses this question: Do voters want change, or do we want reassurance about the future? Change and comfort may seem at odds, ..."
"To stutterers, Joe Biden deserves praise for being in public life","To the editor: As a lifelong stutterer, I totally sympathize with former Vice President Joe Biden and his quick word substitutions or quirky phrasing to overcome a ..."
Van Jones: Biden went from being a joke to juggernaut,"CNN political commentator Van Jones reacts to the incoming results of 2020 election primaries, calling former Vice President Joe Biden's performance on Super ..."
Joe Biden’s Platform Is More Progressive Than You Think,"Joe Biden has cast himself as a return to normalcy, but his domestic policies are fairly progressive. He supports much higher taxes on the very rich, universal ..."
Rep. Tim Ryan On Why He Supports Joe Biden,Former Vice President Joe Biden took home nearly 50% of the vote in South Carolina's primary.
Joe Biden’s Super Tuesday Revival,"If Tuesday night's results point toward a broad, national victory for the former Vice-President, then that outcome will be strangely separate from the campaign that ..."

‘I’d Take Her In A Heartbeat’: Joe Biden Says He Would Pick Michelle Obama To Be His Vice President,PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — Joe Biden says he would take Michelle Obama to be his running mate for the 2020 presidential election. The presumptive Democratic ...
AP Interview: Sanders says opposing Biden is 'irresponsible',"Bernie Sanders said Tuesday that it would be “irresponsible” for his loyalists not to support Joe Biden, warning that progressives who “sit on their hands” in the ..."
"Sanders drops 2020 bid, leaving Biden as likely nominee","WASHINGTON (AP) — Sen. Bernie Sanders ended his presidential bid on Wednesday, making Joe Biden the presumptive Democratic nominee to challenge ..."
Biden Is Losing the Internet. Does That Matter?,"The coronavirus has forced the Democrats' presumptive presidential nominee into an all-digital campaign, and he's struggling to break through."
Is Joe Biden Calmly Beating Trump from His Basement?,Progressives say he's not inspiring enough. Supporters praise his calm approach to crisis. Biden's coronavirus campaign strategy is diving the party he now ...
Joe Biden: A candidate with no campaign,"The following is an editorial by Armstrong Williams. Earlier this year, voters in focus groups from swing states were shown a series of pictures of leading ..."
A Candidate in Isolation: Inside Joe Biden’s Cloistered Campaign,"Joseph R. Biden Jr. usually rises before 8 a.m. at his home in Wilmington, Del., and starts his day with a workout in an upstairs gym that contains a Peloton bike, ..."
Biden Is Trying To Win Progressives That Had Backed Sanders,"Now that Bernie Sanders is out of the presidential race and Joe Biden is the presumptive nominee, his campaign is reaching out to progressive groups."
Joe Biden Names Advisers to Oversee Search for Running Mate,"Joe Biden has chosen a team of advisers to oversee his search for a running mate, as he prepares for one of the most consequential decisions he will make in ..."
Joe Biden Is Not Hiding. He’s Lurking.,Never get in the way of an incumbent who is digging his own grave.
Joe Biden is accused of sexual assault as he heads toward election fight with Trump,Biden faces an accusation by a woman who says he sexually assaulted her 27 years ago. His campaign strongly denied the accusation.
Joe Biden’s coronavirus response garners mixed reviews from Democrats,"Former Vice President Joe Biden, now the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, has been getting mixed reviews on his handling of the coronavirus ..."
"With rallies banned, Joe Biden welcomes voters to another kind of show","Locked in his Wilmington, Del., basement, the former vice president has launched a podcast to reach out to voters in one of the few ways possible now."
Is Joe Biden breaking through? | TheHill,He has remained mobile with virtual events and media shows.
How Will Joe Biden Choose His Vice President Candidate?,"Joe Biden and his associates are consulting allies, Eric Holder and Barack Obama as he weighs his options — including a woman of color — for the Democratic ..."
Joe Biden’s latest message is a preview of what is to come,Former vice president Joe Biden has been forced to do what no presidential candidate has ever done: Shift from a live campaign to a virtual one in the middle of ...
Searching for Joe Biden,"During the pandemic, Biden, like the rest of us, is obeying stay-at-home orders and engaging in a virtual campaign."
Biden's Biden: How the former VP is approaching his running mate search,Joe Biden has made many of the moves others in his position have sought to avoid in the past when it comes to choosing a running mate.
Democrats grapple with questions about Tara Reade's sexual assault allegation against Joe Biden,Top Democratic leaders and allies of Joe Biden are being asked to respond to an allegation of sexual assault leveled against the former vice president by Tara ...
"Joe Biden pitches himself as the ‘been there, done that’ candidate as economic and health crises dominate the presidential race","The former vice president played significant roles in the Obama administration's efforts to recover from economic collapse and handle viral epidemics, which he ..."
Joe Biden: My Plan to Reopen America After the Coronavirus,An effective strategy to beat the virus is the ultimate answer to how we get our economy back on track.
Joe Biden projected to win Ohio Democratic primary,"Former Vice President Joe Biden will win the Ohio Democratic primary, CNN projected Tuesday."
Biden searches for his own 'Biden' – a running mate with chemistry,"Biden has taken an unusual approach, gamely answering questions about his search for a vice-president – a role he knows intimately."
Why Joe Biden needs Elizabeth Warren,Warren has had a clear mission and vision for years.
Joe Biden casts doubt on Democratic convention happening as planned,"Joe Biden on Tuesday said it is difficult to imagine the Democratic National Convention, scheduled for July, taking place as planned amid the coronavirus ..."
Joe Biden says Democrats 'should be thinking about' holding a virtual summer convention,"Former Vice President Joe Biden said the Democratic National Convention, which has already been pushed back from July to August, may have to go virtual if ..."
The Top 10 women Joe Biden might choose as his VP,(This is the second edition of our biweekly power rankings of politicians most likely to be chosen as Joe Biden's Democratic running mate in 2020.).
Why just a VP? Joe Biden should name his entire cabinet,"To the editor: In addition to the importance of choosing the right running mate, the unprecedented significance of the November election requires an ..."
Joe Biden says he informed Bernie Sanders he will begin the VP vetting process,"Democratic presidential front-runner Joe Biden says he has informed his Democratic rival for the nomination, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, that he is beginning ..."
Joe Biden Makes First Late-Night TV Appearance on Desus & Mero After President Obama’s Endorsement,"*Fresh* off of Bernie Sanders suspending his campaign and President Obama's endorsement, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden made his first ..."
Stop Panicking About Joe Biden,Critics are overestimating the value of attacking Trump right now.
"Bernie Sanders endorses Joe Biden, they announce 'working groups' on policy issues","In a surprise appearance on a campaign livestream, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for the Democratic presidential ..."
Barack Obama Endorses Joe Biden for President,"WASHINGTON—Former President Barack Obama endorsed presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden, his former vice president, in a video Tuesday that ..."
Will El Paso Democrats get behind Joe Biden as the presumptive Democratic nominee?,"Bernie Sanders, a Vermont senator, exited the Democratic presidential race on April 8, clearing a path to the nomination for former Vice President Joe Biden."
Nancy Pelosi endorses Joe Biden for president,"WASHINGTON (SBG) -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. , has endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for the 2020 national election. In a video posted ..."
Older voters could offer Biden a new path to the White House,The dominant assumption among Democrats for years has been that the best way to expand the Electoral College map is to expand the electorate by turning out ...
"The Top 10 women Joe Biden might pick as vice president, ranked",We now know who will be in charge of vetting Joe Biden's potential vice presidential nominees and when he hopes that process will wrap up.
Puzzling out Sleepy Joe Biden,"Did you know that Joe Biden is locked in a basement? He is, he said so himself, a couple of days ago, which may be why the New York Post ran this front-page ..."
Klobuchar sidesteps the Biden running mate question: 'I'm just not going to engage in hypotheticals',"Amy Klobuchar on Saturday sidestepped the question of whether she'd accept a position as Joe Biden's running mate, even as other women in her party have ..."
Joe Biden’s #MeToo Moment,The former Vice President asks us not to believe the woman.
Joe Biden is not the most important person on the Democrats' ticket for November - Business Insider,It's time to look more closely at what a woman standing one heartbeat from the presidency means for our country.
"Biden's Veepstakes—Abrams, Harris, Warren : Politics Podcast","Joe Biden has committed to selecting a woman as his running mate. Now that is the presumptive nominee, he's facing pressure from a number of camps in the ..."
Big money donors are pressuring Joe Biden against picking Elizabeth Warren for VP: 'He would lose the election',"Big money donors are pressuring Joe Biden to not choose Sen. Elizabeth Warren as his running mate, even while the centrist former vice president tries to ..."
A case for Joe Biden,"Former Vice President Joe Biden would be the most progressive Democratic nominee in modern history. He's more moderate than Sanders, but the level to ..."
James Clyburn calls on Joe Biden to start get-out-the-vote efforts now and hire more African Americans,"Clyburn, in an interview with CNBC, called on the Biden campaign to start now with its efforts to maximize black voter turnout in November – and to make sure it ..."
Joe Biden's quiet campaign raises concerns about his fitness,"Is the 77-year-old former vice president up for the job of president? Unless he starts speaking up and acting like a candidate, we'll never know."
Biden’s Choice for Vice President: What Matters Most?,Readers debate whether Joe Biden “ought to choose competence to govern over political appeal” and the pressure to pick a black woman.
A Look Back At How Joe Biden Managed The 2009 Stimulus Package,"Joe Biden was instrumental in getting the 2009 recovery act through Congress, then supervised the stimulus for the Obama administration. How might that ..."
Biden campaign says he backs Trump's China travel ban,Joe Biden's campaign said Friday the former vice president supports President Donald Trump's January 31 decision to ban foreign nationals who had been in ...
Biden wants a new stimulus 'a hell of a lot bigger' than $2 trillion,"Joe Biden wants a more progressive approach to economic stimulus legislation than Washington has taken so far, including much stricter oversight of the Trump ..."
Navarrette: COVID-19 claims latest victim: Joe Biden's presidential hopes,"Politics is a visual art. During a crisis, elected officials can be wrong, reckless or foolish. They can be clowns, bullies or punchlines for late-night comedians."
Joe Biden Wins Ohio Mail-In Primary,"COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) -- Joe Biden won Ohio's presidential primary, clinching a contest that was less about the Democratic nomination and more about how ..."
5 Ways Joe Biden Can Make His Bad Podcast Better,"As part of his efforts to appeal to a wider audience, Joe Biden has launched a podcast — a bad one. Here are five ways to make it better."
Joe Biden Pivots . . . to the Left,"To woo Bernie's fans, he is going big on Medicare and student debt."
Joe Biden's 2020 running mate search moves into high gear,"As Joe Biden begins his search for a running mate, it seems everyone has an opinion about what kind of woman he should pick. But the kibitzers may be talking ..."
WATCH: President Obama Endorses Joe Biden,President Barack Obama endorsed Joe Biden in a web address on Tuesday. Biden served as Obama's Vice President from 2008-2016.
Joe Biden’s VP Pick: Hollywood Torn As Town Ponders Its Preferred Choice To Take On Trump & Pence,Tinseltown's big donors & political players have a clear favorite(s) who they think the ex-VP should choice as his #2 against Donald Trump.
What Biden Learned the Last Time the World Stopped,"He oversaw the 2009 economic recovery for Barack Obama. If he wins the presidency, his first task will be to perform an encore on an even more daunting scale."
"Ad Watch: Donald Trump's video about Joe Biden and China is rife with omission, deceptive editing","A campaign ad for President Donald Trump tells Americans that Joe Biden sided with China at their expense during the coronavirus pandemic, portraying the ..."
Biden told to think economy with VP pick | TheHill,Joe Biden is being advised by some Democrats to select a running mate with strong economic credentials as the country faces a steep climb out of a ...
"No, Liberal Pundits: Joe Biden Hasn't Actually Been a Progressive All Along","In the latest media parlor game, the players try to convince each other that Joe Biden could actually campaign as a progressive. We already know the answer: he ..."
Donald Trump says call with Joe Biden was 'really wonderful',"The president said he had a ""very friendly conversation"" with the former vice president."
Is Joe Biden the next Hubert Humphrey?,"By Gregory Clay. OK, let's check the tale of the tape. Joe Biden vs. Hubert Humphrey: Both served double-figure years in the U.S. Senate. Both ran for the ..."
Twitter is taking down a fake Joe Biden ad amplified by Trump campaign staffers,"Over the last few days, a fake Joe Biden campaign ad has gone viral across Twitter, boosted in part by current and former Trump campaign staffers. After The ..."
Barack Obama endorses Joe Biden in video,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Former President Barack Obama endorsed Joe Biden on Tuesday, giving the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee a boost from ..."
Biden says the coronavirus is an opportunity for structural change,"The former vice president highlighted needed changes to the voting system, as well as environmental and economic reforms."
Bernie Sanders Endorses Joe Biden for President,Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for president in a bid to unify the competing factions of the Democratic Party.
Bernie Sanders endorses former Democratic rival Joe Biden for president,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Bernie Sanders endorsed his former rival Joe Biden for president on Monday in a joint online appearance. “I am asking all Americans, ..."
Republicans: ‘Nobody Expected’ the Coronavirus Pandemic. So Joe Biden Is Nobody?,"President Trump, having stopped dismissing the threat of the coronavirus and calling criticism of his laggard response “their new hoax,” has begun insisting ..."
Biden says federal government should subsidize some salaries as part of coronavirus recovery,Former Vice President Joe Biden called for the federal government to cover half of some workers' salaries to help keep people employed during the coronavirus ...
Varney on why Joe Biden is the 'last man standing',"Joe Biden is the Democrats' last hope at beating Donald Trump, FOX Business' Stuart Varney argues in his latest ""My Take.'"
Joe Biden Makes Mark on Democratic Party With New Fundraising Deal,"Joe Biden formalized a joint fundraising agreement with the Democratic National Committee, allowing him to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars from ..."
Internal Biden campaign rift opens over how to compete with Trump online,Joe Biden's campaign leadership is clashing over the future of its digital operation — a rift that comes as campaigning has moved largely online and as Biden ...
"Tara Reade's Sexual Assault Allegation Against Joe Biden, On The Record","Editor's note: This story contains a graphic description of an alleged sexual assault. Tara Reade, a former junior staffer in Joe Biden's Senate office, has accused ..."
Biden says he thinks Trump will try to delay the election,The Trump campaign is dismissing Joe Biden's warning that the President will try to postpone the November presidential election because of coronavirus.
Hillary Clinton Endorses Joe Biden for President,Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday endorsed Joe Biden's bid for president during a livestream with the former vice president.
Biden wins Wyoming caucuses,"WASHINGTON (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden has won the Wyoming Democratic caucuses, according to results released by the state's Democratic ..."
Biden should rethink naming a woman to the Democratic presidential ticket,"If you want to know who Joe Biden will choose as his running mate, you just might want to ask Barack Obama. Not for nothing did the former president finally ..."
Student works alongside Joe Biden in Iowa,"04/07/2020. Before the pandemic crisis, millions of Americans tuned in each week to watch former Vice President Joe Biden and Vermont Senator Bernie ..."
Pete Buttigieg: I'm Proud To Campaign For Joe Biden,NPR's Steve Inskeep talks to former Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg about his plans to campaign for the presumptive nominee now that the ...
"Inside the Totally Unlikely, Totally Predictable Rise of Joe Biden","For months Bernie Sanders, with his devoted base and his colossal fundraising machine, seemed like the one to beat. But I watched up close as a hollowing out ..."
Coronavirus Concerns Challenge Biden Campaign,Former Vice President Joe Biden's journey to the Democratic Party's 2020 presidential nomination just got a little longer and a lot more complicated. Biden's ...
Joe Biden And His Work-From-Home Campaign,"Diane talks with Michael Scherer, national political reporter for The Washington Post."
Joe Biden hires Rufus Gifford as new deputy campaign manager,"Former vice president Joe Biden has hired Rufus Gifford, a former top adviser to Barack Obama's reelection campaign, as his new deputy campaign manager ..."
Video: Barack Obama endorses Joe Biden for president,"(Video may take a moment to load.) Get Boston.com's e-mail alerts: Sign up and receive coronavirus news and breaking updates, from our newsroom to your ..."
"Take heart, progressives: When the party moves left, Biden has always followed",Progressives are worried that Biden might be too conservative. But he has changed on everything from abortion to LGBTQ rights.
WATCH: Democrat Presidential Candidate Joe Biden Holds Virtual Town Hall,Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President @joebiden holds a virtual town hall with non-medical workers on the frontlines fighting COVID-19 ...
"Joe Biden Confident He’ll Turn Florida Blue, Says He’ll Restore Obama-Era Cuba Policies In Exclusive CBS4 Interview","MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Former Vice President Joe Biden admits he has a bad case of cabin fever as he spends most of his days downstairs in his basement, ..."
Details and Analysis of Joe Biden's 2020 Tax Plan,"Former Vice President Joe Biden would enact a number of policies that would raise taxes, including individual income taxes and payroll taxes, on high-income ..."
Sleepy Joe Biden and Al Gore hardly a dynamic duo,"Live, from the basement, it's Joe Biden and his “virtual” town halls, tackling the issues of the day, namely, the pandemic. Take it away, Sleepy Joe: “The way you ..."
Joe Biden Proposes Lowering The Medicare Eligibility Age To 60 : Shots - Health News,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden proposes letting 60-year-olds enroll in Medicare. He'd pay for the expansion out of general tax revenue, he says, ..."
Leading public education advocates write open letter to Joe Biden: Your ‘statements encourage us’,"During the Obama administration, public school advocates led by Diane Ravitch opposed the education agenda of Education Secretary Arne Duncan, who had ..."
Biden camp refuses to open up Senate papers that could shed light on accuser's claims — but has sent operatives to look through records,Joe Biden is refusing to open his senatorial archives to the public. Such records could contain information about a woman's sexual-assault allegations.
The Biden Trap,"Joe Biden has promised to pick a woman as his vice president. He also faces credible allegations of sexual assault, meaning whoever he chooses will likely ..."
Amy Klobuchar is Joe Biden’s best VP pick,The Minnesota senator would boost Biden both ideologically and geographically.
"Reopening, Joe Biden, Antarctica: Your Thursday Evening Briefing",Here's what you need to know at the end of the day.
"If Biden is serious about winning, he should pick Tammy Baldwin as his running mate",This is the latest in a series where I make the best case for each of Joe Biden's possible vice-presidential candidates. The other pieces can be found here.
Joe Biden Should Reject the Far-Left's Demands,"While Joe Biden is all but guaranteed to be the Democratic nominee for president, he is still far from wooing the Far-Left."
Joe Biden's New Podcast Is So Bad,"At this rate, every American will soon have a podcast. Two weeks ago, struggling to break through the noise of the coronavirus crisis, Joe Biden, like so many ..."
What the President Was Supposed to Do All Along,Joe Biden's minimalist version of the presidency could be a blessing in disguise.

Biden marks Memorial Day at veterans park near Delaware home,"NEW CASTLE, Del. (AP) — Joe Biden made his first in-person appearance in more than two months on Monday as he marked Memorial Day by laying a wreath ..."
Who Will Biden Pick As His Vice Presidential Running Mate?,Presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden has vowed he will pick a woman to be his vice presidential running mate. But which woman? He's facing pressure ...
Biden visits protest site in Delaware hometown,"Joe Biden left his home Sunday afternoon amid the coronavirus pandemic to visit the site of last night's protests in Wilmington, Delaware, according to posts on ..."
‘The Pain Is Too Intense’: Joe Biden Challenges White Americans,"WASHINGTON — Former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., addressing a nation on edge, challenged white Americans on Friday to fully confront the enduring ..."
"Howie Carr: Trust the man, Joe Biden is going to beat Joe Biden","Live, from the basement, it's Joe Biden, who ain't black. Really stupid thing to say, but it's not like Friday was different from any other day in the basement."
Joe Biden Again Tries to Heal a Hurting Nation. But Is It Enough?,"Early Sunday morning—after another day of largely peaceful protests against the death of George Floyd, and another night of police violently targeting ..."
'You have to respond forcefully': can Joe Biden fight Trump's brutal tactics?,"The former vice-president faces a fog of insinuations, accusations and smears. Aides insist he is up to the task."
Joe Biden says he spoke with George Floyd's family,"Former Vice President Joe Biden said Friday he spoke with the family of George Floyd, the black man who died this week at the hands of a police officer in ..."
Biden in the basement: Can campaigning from home work as Trump starts to travel?,"As Donald Trump starts traveling during the coronavirus pandemic, Democratic challenger Joe Biden plans to remain home. Is that a risk?"
The Advantage of a Biden Shadow Cabinet,"Joe Biden beat a rival in the Democratic primary whose slogan was “Not me, us.” Now a growing number of Democrats believe that Biden should adopt Bernie ..."
"Joe Biden’s extensive policy agenda, explained",Former Vice President Joe Biden has never really sought or received a reputation as a deep thinker on domestic policy matters. His highest-profile role as a ...
Joe Biden to scale up campaign as Democratic anxiety grows ahead of general election fight with Trump,Former Vice President Joe Biden has approved a series of new hires that will significantly expand his campaign ahead of the general election fight with ...
How Joe Biden Transformed the Competition for the Vice Presidency,"On a pleasant day in August 2008, Senator Joe Biden put on a baseball cap and aviator sunglasses and drove a pickup truck to his sister's Delaware home."
Joe Biden may talk from the center. But he would likely govern from the left.,The presumptive Democratic nominee has a long history of changing his views to court progressives.
"Julián Castro, Joaquin Castro low-key in support for Joe Biden","The former presidential candidate and the U.S. representative from San Antonio, two of Texas' most prominent Democrats, have yet to formally endorse the ..."
Joe Biden says voters 'ain't black' if they support Trump,Joe Biden apologized hours after he told a popular African-American radio host that anyone struggling to decide whether to support him or President Donald ...
"Faced with a Trumpian barrage of attacks, Joe Biden chooses to look the other way","The Democrat's senior advisers dismiss the most explosive Trump volleys as distractions, though ones aimed at his competence and economic record stir more ..."
Donald Trump's attacks on Joe Biden risk blowing back on him,"Analysis: Donald Trump's campaign is bashing Joe Biden on issues where he is equally or more vulnerable, from China to sexual assault to nepotism to gaffes."
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden clarifies message to Black America,"Presumptive Democratic Presidential Nominee Joe Biden clarified his message to Black America after the GOP, and others, seized on a remark he made in jest ..."
Joe Biden Should Choose a Woman of Color to Be His Vice President—and He Should Do It Now,We need to listen and learn and take action to ensure social justice and basic human rights for people of color in this country.
Biden Is Planning an FDR-Size Presidency,Joe Biden thinks he'll survive Tara Reade's sexual assault accusation and beat Donald Trump in the 2020 election. But with the coronavirus pandemic causing ...
Racial tragedies add to pressure on Joe Biden to create a racially balanced ticket,Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden is facing growing pressure from activists and party leaders to lead a racially balanced ticket in the wake ...
Outrage over George Floyd's death could tip fortunes in Joe Biden's VP search,Some potential running mates have seen their fortunes appear to rise or fall in the midst of the protests over police treatment of African Americans.
How Joe Biden could blow the election - Business Insider,Biden could end up copying too much from Bernie Sanders or Trump could turn the pandemic to his advantage.
Joe Biden had it right from the start. It’s a battle for the soul of the nation.,"The Trump presidency will be bookended by two violent explosions of racial animus. In some ways, the true start of his presidency, which set the tone for ..."
The truth about Joe Biden's veep choice,"Joe Lockhart says the speculation over who Joe Biden will choose to run for vice president is fascinating to fans of politics, but the reality is that the choice likely ..."
Fact Check: Was Joe Biden arrested in an Ohio U women’s dorm in the ’60s?,The claim: Joe Biden was “arrested” for “following women” into an “all-female dorm room” during the early 1960s at Ohio University when he was a visiting a ...
Joe Biden now in hot seat over ‘unmasking’ revelations,"Back in the basement, Joe. Former Vice President Joe Biden, grounded by the coronavirus, is now facing new questions about his role in the “Obamagate” ..."
How Joe Biden is working to win over progressive voters,"While Biden is making inroads with top progressive groups, several leaders noted they still want to know more about Biden's plans for incorporating their values ..."
Joe Biden accuser Amy Lappos says she supports him in 2020 race - Business Insider,"Amy Lappos accused Biden of touching her inappropriately at a political fundraiser in 2009. She says he is the ""obvious choice"" over Donald Trump."
"Joe Biden says black voters considering Trump over him ""ain't black"" in interview with Charlamagne tha God","Joe Biden defended his legislative record in an often contentious Friday morning interview with Charlamagne Tha God, the host of the popular radio show ""The ..."
Joe Biden criticizes Republican response to general inspector firings,"Joe Biden blasted the Republican response to President Trump's string of firings recently, suggesting that in another era there would have been louder ..."
Can Joe Biden beat the internet?,WASHINGTON — Joe Biden's campaign jumped headfirst into the information wars last fall when it told all the major TV networks that it was not going to play by ...
Biden leaves home to lay Memorial Day wreath,"Washington (CNN) Joe Biden left his home for the first time in months on Monday, sporting a face mask to lay a wreath at the Delaware Memorial Bridge ..."
'No worker’s life is worth my getting a cheaper hamburger': Biden urges protections in meatpacking plants,"We don't treat the workers well at all across the board,"" Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said Tuesday. “We have obligations to workers, we have ..."
Joe Biden campaign names national voter protection director,"DETROIT — Joe Biden has hired a national director for voter protection, a role his campaign says will focus broadly on voter rights, including the ..."
Biden’s Vice-President Shortlist Is Shrinking Before Our Eyes,"Though Joe Biden has said he won't name a running mate until August, several of his more prominent prospects have withdrawn or seen their stock value drop, ..."
"Joe Biden questions my blackness one moment, defends racist 1994 crime bill the next",These are not gaffes. Democrats like Joe Biden are running scared because the Trump administration has been good for African Americans.
Joe Biden’s Pitch to the Left,"Throughout the primaries, Biden said that the soul of America needed to be restored. Now he's saying that the country cannot “turn the clock back.”"
Barack Obama And Joe Biden React To George Floyd's Death,"Presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden called the death of George Floyd ""an act of brutality"" in remarks from his home today and called for ""real leadership."
Joe Biden to address Maine Democrats at virtual rally,"Joe Biden, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, will address Maine Democrats at a virtual rally Sunday. The former vice president joins a handful ..."
"Rahm Emanuel won’t talk about his ongoing conversations with Joe Biden, but his pundit appearances offer hints",Former Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel is having regular conversations with presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden and his top advisers about ...
Joe Biden's VP search puts spotlight on how long he'll serve,"WASHINGTON — Joe Biden has longed to win the White House for more than three decades. If he finally makes it there after November's election, he's already ..."
Joe Biden campaign calls GOP's Hunter Biden probe a 'smear' aimed at saving Trump's job as coronavirus rages,The Ukraine gas company Burisma and its connection to Joe Biden's son Hunter Biden were central issues in President Trump's impeachment.
Deciphering Biden's confusing comments about Michael Flynn,"Washington (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden is facing new questions about his role in the Russia investigation, and even though there is essentially no ..."
Klobuchar makes her not-so-quiet bid to be Joe Biden's running mate,"Joe Biden praises Amy Klobuchar when given the chance, calling her ""first rate."" But the presumptive nominee has declined to offer many clues on her standing ..."
All The Times Joe Biden Told People Not To Vote For Him,Former Vice President Joe Biden said in an MSNBC interview on Thursday that Americans who believe Tara Reade's allegations of sexual assault against him ...
Joe Biden Focuses On George Floyd Protests As Musicians Perform For His ‘Rock Out’ Fundraiser,"Sheryl Crow, Rufus Wainwright, Jimmy Buffett, Joe Walsh and David Crosby performed for Joe Biden at a virtual fundraiser on Thursday, but the presumptive ..."
Joe Biden forced to make his fundraisers fully virtual – bar the price tag,"The pandemic has led the presumptive Democratic nominee, like other politicians to take his high-dollar events online."
Joe Biden's problem with the truth,"OPINION by T. KEITH GURNEE I usually like what Stewart Jenkins writes, but his recent piece about Trump as “The Denier in Chief” was over-the-top pointed."
"Joe Biden blasts Trump ahead of Michigan visit, chastises him for threats to funding","The former vice president and presumptive Democratic nominee says Trump's comments to pull funding ""encourage division"" amid flooding, pandemic."
Joe Biden and climate change: A chance to make history in the 2020 election,All he has to do is embrace the consensus that's waiting for him.
Joe Biden needs black voters to win the presidency. And Covid-19 is making them even harder to reach,The Democratic Party is facing its biggest challenge in years: How to re-tool to reach and mobilize the African-American voters who will be crucial to taking the ...
"Joe Biden doesn’t like Trump’s Twitter order, but still wants to revoke Section 230",Former Vice President Joe Biden still wants to repeal the pivotal internet law that provides social media companies like Facebook and Twitter with broad legal ...
Joe Biden Answers Your Most Searched Questions About Him,WIRED Autocomplete gathers the internet's most searched questions about celebrities and goes right to the source for the answer. We've interviewed more than ...
Biden responds to Trump on masks: 'He's a fool',"In an interview with CNN's Dana Bash, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden hit back at President Donald Trump over wearing a mask, and his ability to ..."
Biden won't commit to picking a woman of color as VP,"In an interview with CNN's Dana Bash, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said he was considering choosing a woman of color as his running mate, ..."
5 Things We Learned From Joe Biden’s New Financial Disclosure,"Joe Biden earned more than $900,000 in 2019, much of it before he started running for president, according to a financial disclosure form he filed with the ..."
"Joe Biden to Black Radio Host: If You’re Deciding Between ‘Me or Trump, Then You Ain’t Black’","Joe Biden told a black radio host that “if you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black,” remarks his campaign ..."
Joe Biden and the Museum of American Politics,"Joe Biden's long career, now capped by a careening and testy performance as the soon-to-be Democratic nominee for president, is a virtual Museum of ..."
Transcript: Into Joe Biden and the Women's Vote,Transcript. Into America. Into Joe Biden and the Women's Vote. Trymaine Lee: The 2020 election season was thrown a bit of a curveball when the spread of ...
Joe Biden gives advice to Columbia Law School grads,"Vice President Joe Biden was keynote speaker at Columbia Law School. He shared remarks about the current pandemic and about his oldest granddaughter, ..."
Joe Biden condemns violence of US race protests - The Jakarta Post,US presidential candidate Joe Biden on Sunday condemned the violence of race protests that have erupted across the United States but said Americans had a ...
Sleepy Joe Biden dazed and confused when it comes to Obamagate,"So now it turns out that Joe Biden was in on the Obamagate dirty tricks scandal right up to his glazed, vacant eyeballs."
Biden's experience as Obama's vice president pick shapes his own search,Obama's choice of a vice president altered the course of Joe Biden's career. It also shaped how he's going about choosing his own running mate.
This is Joe Biden's best path to win in 2020,"In 2016, Donald Trump won Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, three states Republican's hadn't won in years. While many believe Democratic nominee ..."
Kamala Harris To Headline Virtual Fundraiser With Joe Biden,"Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), viewed as a top tier contender as Joe Biden's vice presidential running mate, will headline a virtual fundraiser with the former Vice ..."
Watch Joe Biden's full interview with CNN's Dana Bash,"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden speaks with CNN Chief Political Correspondent Dana Bash about the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 election, ..."
Recognizing Joe Biden’s disturbing pattern,Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden told an African American talk show host last week: “If you have a problem figuring out whether you're ...
Can Joe Biden expand the electoral map?,"Presidential elections don't offer extra credit. As we all know, it's 270 to win. Hitting 292 or 336 electoral votes doesn't get a candidate more executive power or a ..."
Latinx activists want Joe Biden to pick a Latina as his VP,Joe Biden is facing pressure from Latinx activists and political leaders to choose a Latina as his vice presidential nominee.
Gov. Wolf endorses former Vice President Joe Biden for president,"Deeming him a “steady” leader who can help mend the country's divides, Gov. Tom Wolf endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for the presidency on ..."
Joe Biden’s Presidential Campaign Raised $43.7 Million In April,"Joe Biden's campaign raised $43.6 million in April, which is down from the $46.7 million raised in March."
Will Joe Biden Let the Senate Kill His Presidency?,"Joe Biden is discussing ambitious plans for an economic-recovery bill. But it won't matter unless he finds a way around the Senate filibuster, perhaps by using ..."
Joe Biden fights skepticism with a simple immigration message: I’m not Trump or Obama,Joe Biden recently told a popular Spanish-language radio broadcaster that he would introduce a comprehensive immigration proposal on his first day as ...
Team player Bernie Sanders leans in to help Joe Biden,"Bernie Sanders, long seen by Democratic critics as a loose cannon and definitely not a team player, is stepping up to help former rival Joe Biden in ways likely to ..."
Elizabeth Warren Knows What Joe Biden Needs in a Vice President,"If Biden wants to win the White House and govern like a New Dealer, Warren is his indispensable partner."
How billionaires like Reid Hoffman and Laurene Powell Jobs are helping Joe Biden try to close Trump’s digital…,"Inside the experiments, data wars, and partisan news sites that Silicon Valley thinks can help Biden catch up to Trump."
Finley: Biden seeks to limit black choices,"Having set himself up as the arbiter of blackness to limit the political options of African Americans, Joe Biden next wants to limit their choices for educating their ..."
"Economic recovery from coronavirus is a 'long way away,' Joe Biden says",Former Vice President Joe Biden also told CNBC that President Trump's response to the outbreak has cost lives and jobs.
Joe Biden: How the White House coronavirus response presents us with a false choice,There are daily tests at the White House — but virtually nowhere else.
"To win, Joe Biden needs Reagan Democrats","Eugene Robinson's May 19 Tuesday Opinion essay, “Trump tugs on Obama's cape,” touted the misconception promoted by Democratic Party progressives that ..."
Why should Joe Biden choose Kamala Harris for veep?,"For months, California's Democratic U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris has campaigned hard to convince presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joseph Biden he ..."
Former Vice-President Joe Biden on Coronavirus Response,Former Vice-President Joe Biden talks about the federal government's response to the coronavirus.
ELECTION 2020: Joe Biden to Jewish donors: 'I do not support annexation',By Ron Kampeas. (JTA) – Joe Biden said that as president he would reverse Trump administration policies that have led to Israeli plans to annex parts of the ...
Biden campaign said he would rescind Keystone Pipeline permit if elected,"WASHINGTON – Joe Biden's presidential campaign said Monday that if he were elected to the White House, he would rescind the Keystone XL Pipeline permit."
"Connelly: Watching Joe Biden, a warm, wordy, decent guy who trips over his tongue","Joe Biden was going nowhere in the 2008 Iowa presidential caucuses, as attention focused on whether Barack Obama would catch Hillary Clinton. On caucus ..."
The Pandemic Has Pushed Biden To The Left. How Far Will He Go?,"Six weeks ago, when Sen. Bernie Sanders dropped out of the presidential race, it seemed like the Democratic Party's left wing suffered a major and potentially ..."
Joe Biden wins Democratic presidential primary in Oregon,"Former Vice President Joe Biden won Oregon's Democratic presidential primary, outpacing Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth ..."
Biden's outreach to Dems lags as Trump syncs up with GOP,President Donald Trump is lunching with Senate Republicans in the Capitol and prodding them to launch subpoenas against his enemies. Joe Biden is stuck in ...
"Joe Biden, Ukraine call stirs 2020 presidential election flap","The Ukraine is back in the 2020 election landscape - only this time it's not a phone call from President Trump, it's one from Joe Biden."
"Biden's vice president shortlist emerges, as Demings says she's being vetted",A shortlist to be Joe Biden's vice presidential nominee is starting to take shape as Florida Rep. Val Demmings says is being vetted vetted.
Could Franklin Roosevelt’s playbook work for Joe Biden?,"Mark Zuckerberg may have solved a major problem for Joe Biden. This week, a Wall Street Journal report revealed that Facebook has largely failed to act on ..."
"For Some “Facebook Empathy Moms,” Joe Biden Is Just Another Compromise","For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis and more, subscribe to Mother Jones' newsletters. In the Before Times, Jody Kanikula and a half dozen ..."
"Biden, DNC raise fundraising objective for bundlers – now seeking up to $2.5 million each",Joe Biden's campaign is calling on its top fundraisers to start pulling in over $2 million for the general election fight against President Donald Trump.
Joe Biden’s strategy for attracting Jewish voters – and its biggest weak spot,"With his centrist take on U.S.-Israel relations and strong anti-Semitism message, the presumptive Democratic nominee looks like a shoo-in with older Jewish ..."
Can Biden Expand the Map?,There are signs that Joe Biden's campaign is exploring more paths to victory in the Electoral College than recent Democratic nominees.
"John Legend, Barbra Streisand To Host Virtual Fundraiser For Joe Biden","Musicians Barbra Streisand and John Legend are set to headline a virtual fundraiser for Joe Biden on June 11, in an effort to raise money before the upcoming ..."
Joe Biden oversaw recovery in the last recession ― he can do it again | TheHill,"When President Obama appointed Vice President Biden to oversee Recovery Act spending, they both made clear that the mandate would be to insist that the ..."
United Steelworkers Throw Endorsement Behind Former VP Joe Biden,PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — The United Steelworkers Union have thrown their support behind former Vice President Joe Biden in the 2020 race for the White ...
